Name	Set	Image	Type	Attributes	Languages	Value	Sanity	Summon	Unique	Dimension	Past	Region	City	Beginning Sanity	Max Sanity	Education	Hand Size	Minuimum	Maximum	Rarity	Text
A Lender Be	Dreamlands	DL101	Adventure	Fantastic Dream		5	2													C	"You were so enamored of books that your goal was to be a librarian like your mentor TUKOR. He set you a task: You must discover 2 TOMES in different languages, and within them 2 SPELLS with different icons. You had to travel to 3 different GREAT LIBRARY OF THE DREAMLANDS cards, but in the end you succeeded. (When you play this card you may move your Spells among legal Tomes and Allies who can know a Spell)"
A Midsummer Night's Dream	Dreamlands	DL102	Adventure	Mythos Experience		8	2													R	"When THE CHILDREN HAVE SWEET DREAMS, you are finally able to rest. Falling asleep, you leave your Waking World HOUSE behind and find yourself wandering through the GATE OF DEEPER SLUMBER and into the CAVERN OF FLAME. Then the NIGHTMARE strikes! You wake to find yourself at a Waking World SITE! How did you get here? And what's that you're holding? (If you are in the Waking Wlord when this card is played, you may also play one Dreamlands Artifact or Tome)."
Armed and Clueless	Dreamlands	DL103	Adventure	Fantastic Dream		7	3													R	"You first came across it in the old RUINS. What is this ENCHANTED WEAPON, and how does it work? You knew the ancient DREAMER could figure it out, but how to find him? You travelled to a LOCATION in the EAST, and then a LOCATION in the WEST, and finally found him in an EXOTIC LOCATION."
Beyond Your Wildest Dreams	Dreamlands	DL104	Adventure	Fantastic Dream		5	2													C	"All your life you thought magic a child's myth, but now you know the magnificent truth! To begin you journey to a distant EXOTIC LOCATION - first TRAVEL BY LAND, and then TRAVEL BY AIR. Once there, with the proper STAR in the sky, you take out the ancient TOME and chant the SPELL found within. You perform the magical rites of inititiation, and now may call yourself a PRIEST of the eternal powers."
Carter's Quest	Dreamlands	DL105	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		12	5													R	"Using CARTER'S CLOCK, you met up with fellow explorer RANDOLPH CARTER at a SITE during a FANTASTIC DREAM. He told you about THE SNAKE-DEN, near the LAIR of a MONSTER. To reach it you traveled on a ZEBRA or YAK (choose one) and met a CORRUPT CULTIST who knew the way to the ISLAND LOCATION. You and your FRIEND went on to the CASTLE OF THE GREAT ONES ON KADATH, and then retruned to tell your story to the KING."
Come Sail Away	Dreamlands	DL106	Adventure	Mythos Experience		6	2													C	"Living in a quiet KINGSPORT LOCATION, you thought your life would never change. But one day the old SEAMAN invited you to TRAVEL BY SEA to lands he said you had never even imagined. Saying good-bye to your old friend BASIL ELTON, you set sail across the starlit seas. After what seemed like months of drifting with the winds, you saw a LIGHTHOUSE in the distance, and finally made PORT at a DREAMLANDS LOCATION."
Days of Wine and Roses	Dreamlands	DL107	Adventure	Fantastic Dream		10	3													R	"The roses were blooming by the HOUSE LOCATION in Kingsport when you first noticed the SUN SPOTS. As if in a dream you travelled to the HARBOR OF CELEPHAIS, where you played the LUTE OF OONAI and drank the WINE OF PNOTH. But alas, with EVENING comes sorrow, and you lost your beloved STEADFAST ALLY to the AWFUL DOOM OF CERRIT."
Doomed if You Do	Dreamlands	DL108	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		8	3													C	"The power must be yours! You listened to the whispers of your LIVING DEAD ALLY and became obsessed with learning the secrets of the Gods. Searching all over MNAR (3 different locations), you finally discovered an elusive BEING OF IB who would teach you the rites to propitiate the Great Old One BOKRUG. In the favor of the god, you were taught the SPELL that can only be found in the TOME with a Dream Icon."
Four-Armed is Forewarned	Dreamlands	DL109	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		5	2													C	"Ah, the lure of the mysterious underworld - what will you meet in the dark land of the realm of dream? It is wise to go prepared, and so you bring your favourite WEAPON and an EXPLORER. By NIGHT you travel deep to TWO different UNDERWORLD LOCATIONS. But how could you have known of the terrible horror of the towering GUG?!? Your Weapon and Ally protect you; still you cannot erase that dark memory that etched a PHOBIA into your psyche."
If I Ran the Zoog	Dreamlands	DL110	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		13	3													U	"I'd galumpf on the back of my big hairy Yak, to TRAVEL so far by the light of a STAR. To the dark OPAL THRONE where the KING sits alone, corralling, at noonith, a burrowing VOONITH. And in the VALE OF PNOTH snag a big BUOPOTH. I would capture a GUG in the TEMPLE OF BOKRUG, and then to the glen where they're dancing to fugues those whirlingly, twirlingly, ANGRY ZOOGS."
Moon Quest	Dreamlands	DL111	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		8	4													U	"One NIGHT, as the Moon's silvery light slides across your sleeping face, you are met by the KING OF ILEK-VAD, who asks you to accompany him on his journey to capture an exotic creature on the Moon. To get there, you must meet with a disreputable MERCHANT in an unsavoury LOCATION (any Location that costs Sanity). He takes the two of you in the hold of his noisome BLACK GALLEY to the FAR SIDE OF THE MOON, where you encounter a MOON-BEAST and return with to his kingdom."
Perchance	Dreamlands	DL112	Adventure	Fantastic Dream		5	1													C	"It was a quiet DAY as you sat dreamily enjoying the WINE OF PNOTH that your friend had brought back from her trip to the old country. Then in what seemed an instant, the sky turned black; a TWISTER ripped your HOUSE into the sky and dropped you down outside a glittering PALACE. Luckily your house crushed a MONSTER. What an EVENT! Was it all a dream?"
The Art of Magic	Dreamlands	DL113	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		5	2													U	"Learning the Art of Magic is not simple. You must visit a LIBRARY, a SITE, and a COUNTRY GATE LOCATION to gain knowledge. Meet with TWO ALLIES that are either Spiritualists, Occultists, Priests, or Dreamers. Only then will you be able to translate a TOME with the Dream Icon, and learn a SPELL. "
The Even Stranger Case of Charles Fort	Dreamlands	DL114	Adventure	Mythos Experience		6	2													R	"When you began investigating strange phenomena for that fine GENTLEMAN, you didn't quite know what you were getting into . The RAIN OF FISH and SWARM OF INSECTS scared you a bit, but you didn't develop a PHOBIA until the STRANGE HUMANOID ENCOUNTER. You've decided to try and get away from it all in the COUNTRY. If that doesn't work, you'll head out to a PORT or STATION and leave town. The truth is out there..."
The Gathering	Dreamlands	DL115	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		7	2													C	"Before any great quest, there must first come a gathering of forces. To unite your companions, the CHIEF, the PRIEST, the MERCHANT, and the DREAMER, you must journey to THREE LOCATIONS in different cities, towns or villages. To equip yourself, you must find your destined WEAPON and the ACCOUTERMENTS OF HEROES. Finally, to purify yourself, you must visit a holy place (a CHURCH or a TEMPLE). You are ready... (When this card is played, you may take any one Chief, Priest, Merchant, or Dreamer from your Story Deck and return it to play.)"
The Great Menagerie	Dreamlands	DL116	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		6	2													C	"It is your goal to gather together a fantastic menagerie of the most splendid creatures in the world. With the help of your friend (any ADVENTURER or EXPLORER), journey to THREE different OUTSIDE LOCATIONS, and discover FOUR MONSTERS of different subtypes. Once your creatures have been gathered, you will need to find a nice CITY LOCATION to house your menagerie in."
The Hero's Journey	Dreamlands	DL117	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		7	2													U	"After THE GATHERING, your heroic journey can begin. You travel extensively, using TWO TRAVEL EVENTS, to track the evil that lies across the land. You even descend to the UNDERWORLD (any Location in the Underworld region). From this realm of death you return reborn, emerging at any non-Underworld LOCATION. Finally, finding the evil that plagues the land (any GREAT OLD ONE or OUTER GOD), you dispatch it! A new DAY dawns... (When this card is played, Bury all Great Old Ones and Outer Gods currently in play. Then gain the Sanity bonus for playing this card.)"
The Meow Ceremony	Dreamlands	DL118	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		7	2													C	"Catastrophe! Who's been killing the CATS OF ULTHAR? Who left that corpse at THE MARKET-PLACE, or the other at THE WHITE WHALE INN? Is it the hated CAT FROM SATURN, as some suggest? The CAT CHIEFTAN calls a meeting of all cats, and they converge upon the HOVEL OF THE CAT HATERS, putting an end to this horror with the PETITION OF MENES."
The Sorcerer's Apprentice	Dreamlands	DL119	Adventure	Fantastic Dream		9	2													R	"You should never have messed with the Master's TOME! How could you know that the SPELL would sweep you away to THE ENCHANTED WOOD? You may never have escaped those dancing mushrooms if the pink ELEPHANT CARAVAN hadn't shown up. Just when you thought you were safe, tittering NIGHTGAUNTS carried you off to the PEAKS OF THOK. There a giant demon reveled amongst the flames threatening a nearby TOWN. If it were not for the monks of the TEMPLE OF LOVELINESS you would never again have seen the light of DAY."
Atal the High Priest	Dreamlands	DL201	Ally	Steadfast Priest	English & Latin	1				Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							U	You may Bury Atal the High Priest instead of paying the Sanity cost for casting a Spell.
Basil Elton 	Dreamlands	DL202	Ally	Steadfast Dreamer	English	2						Lovecraft	Kingsport							C	You may use any Travel by Sea Event to travel within the same Region
Barzai The Wise	Dreamlands	DL203	Ally	Steadfast Occultist	English	1			Unique	Dreamlands			Ulthar								Can know any two Dream icon Spells; can know any one Spell otherwise. Bury Speel after it is cast.
Captain of the White Ship	Dreamlands	DL204	Ally	Steadfast Dreamer & Seaman	English	1						Any Water								C	This card can be played in the Dreamlands or in the Waking World. You may play a Travel by Sea Event when normally prohibited by a Storm Event
Cat Chieftain	Dreamlands	DL205	Ally	Steadfast Chief	Knows no languages	1	1			Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							C	If your current Location features the City attribute you may flip this card face-down and immediately play a new Location that features the City attribute from the same Region right-side up on top of your Story Deck.
Etienne-Laurent de Marigny	Dreamlands	DL206	Ally	Steadfast Dreamer & Explorer	"English, Greek & French"	1						Lovecraft	Any City							R	
Ghost-Being of Ib	Dreamlands	DL207	Ally	Corrupt Cultist & Living Dead	Glyph	1				Dreamlands		The West	Mnar							U	Flip the Ghost-Being of Ib face down to cause an opponent to Flip an Artifact of your choice face down.
Haragrim	Dreamlands	DL208	Ally	Steadfast Soldier	English	3				Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							R	"Protection from cards that cause you to lose Artifacts and Tomes. At the moment when you would lose an Artifact or Tome, you may Bury Haragrim instead. Your opponent must then Bury his or her card."
Hesper Payne	Dreamlands	DL209	Ally	Corrupt Cultist & Spiritualist	English & Greek	2	-1		Unique	Dreamlands		The East	Rinar							R	Can know any one Spell. Bury Spell after it is cast.
Howard Lovecraft (v2)	Dreamlands	DL210	Ally	Steadfast Author & Dreamer	English & Hyperborean	1	1			Dreamlands		Any Dreamland								C	Flip this card face-down to draw a new card from the top of your Mythos deck.
Ibbix the Harbormaster	Dreamlands	DL211	Ally	Steadfast Seaman	English	2				Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							R	"If your current Location is a Travel by Sea Event, you may play a Location that does not feature the Water attribute but otherwise meets the requirements of the Travel by Sea Event. "
Iranon the Explorer	Dreamlands	DL212	Ally	Steadfast Musician & Explorer	English	2				Dreamlands		Any Site								C	Spend a turn with Iranon in any Country Site Location and Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator
King Kuranes	Dreamlands	DL213	Ally	Steadfast King & Gentleman	English	3				Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							U	"As long as he is chosen as a defending Ally, King Kuranes raises the value of all Defending Attributes: Steadfast Allies by 1 point per card. Not cumulative with another Ally's Command Ability"
Kranon	Dreamlands	DL214	Ally	Steadfast Gentleman	English	2				Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							C	"Burgomaster of Ulthar. During combat, if your current location is in Ulthar, subtract 1 from each Directed Threat attacking your Investigator"
Lin Carter	Dreamlands	DL215	Ally	Steadfast Author & Dreamer	English & Atlantean	1						Any Site								U	As a Turn you may Flip this card face-down and draw a new card from the top of your Mythos deck.
Merchant of Ill Repute	Dreamlands	DL216	Ally	Corrupt Cultist & Merchant	English	1			Unique			The West	Dylath-Leen							C	Bury the Merchant of Ill Repute to cause an opponent to Bury a random Artifact.
Nasht & Kaman-Thah	Dreamlands	DL217	Ally	Steadfast Priest	English & Latin	2	1			Dreamlands		Any Temple								C	"While your current Location is The Cavern of Flame, Bury Nasht & Kaman-Thah to play immediately any Waking World Location (except Exotic) right-side-up."
Old Woman of the Enchanted Wood	Dreamlands	DL218	Ally	Corrupt Cultist	English	1	-1		Unique	Dreamlands		The West	Oukranos Wilds							U	Bury The Old Woman of the Enchanted Wood to cause an opponent to Discard one random Steadfast Ally.
Randolph Carter	Dreamlands	DL219	Ally	Steadfast Dreamer	English	2						Any Country								C	"This card can be played in the Dreamlands or in the Waking World. If your Current Location is in the Dreamlands, Randoph Carter can join with any one Attributes: Steadfast Ally."
Richard Upton Pickman (v2)	Dreamlands	DL220	Ally	Corrupt Friend	English	1						Any Cemetery								C	This card can be played in the Dreamlands or in the Waking World. You may use a Gate at Cemetery Locations to play Ghouls as Allies.
Taran-Ish	Dreamlands	DL221	Ally	Steadfast Priest & Living Dead	English & Glyph	1			Unique	Dreamlands		The West	Mnar							C	Can know any one Spell. When Spell is cast you may choose to Flip the Spell face-down and pay its Sanity cost instead of Burying it.
The Hunter	Dreamlands	DL222	Ally	Steadfast Adventurer	English	2				Dreamlands		Any Country								U	You may Bury The Hunter instead of paying the Sanity cost for playing one Mythos card to your threat.
The King of Ilek-Vad	Dreamlands	DL223	Ally	Steadfast King	English & Hyperborean	3	1			Dreamlands		The East	Iiek-Vad							C	To play this card you must also Bury Randolph Carter; you may not play Carter while you have the King of Ilek-Vad in play. Flip this card face-down to draw two new cards from the top of your Mythos deck.
Tukor	Dreamlands	DL224	Ally	Steadfast Scholar	"Glyph, Hyperborean & Atlantean"	1				Dreamlands		Any Library								C	Master Librarian of the Great Library of the Dreamlands. As your Turn you may Bury this card and play a Tome in any Location
Wandering Peddler	Dreamlands	DL225	Ally	Steadfast Merchant	English	2				Dreamlands		Any Country								U	You may Bury the Wandering Peddler instead of paying the Sanity cost for playing one Artifact.
Zoog Chieftain	Dreamlands	DL226	Ally	Corrupt Chief	Knows no languages	1	1			Dreamlands		The West	Oukranos Wilds							C	If your Current Location features the Country attribute you may flip this card face-down and immediately play a new Location that features the Country attribute from the same sub-region right-side up on top of your Story Deck.
Accouterments of Heroes 	Dreamlands	DL301	Artifact				-1													U	"This Artifact has constant effect: Ignore the bonus values of Weapons in Directed Threats opposing, and held by Allies Assaulting, your Investigator. "
Battle Axe 	Dreamlands	DL302	Artifact	Weapon		3														R	Add 3 points to Ally's value; Ally is now Steadfast. 
Carter's Clock 	Dreamlands	DL303	Artifact				-1													R	Bury this card to move any Location in your Story Deck to the top of the deck. Ignore Sanity gain/loss; may reuse Gate 
Crystal Sword 	Dreamlands	DL304	Artifact	Enchanted Weapon		2	-1													C	"If the Ally bearing the Crystal Sword opposes an opponent's Defending or Assaulting Allies, Flip one random Corrupt Ally of opponent before resolving Combat. "
Idol of Bokrug 	Dreamlands	DL305	Artifact							Dreamlands										C	This Artifact has constant effect: Enchantedour Investigator is able to Breathe Underwater. Bury this card to keep Bokrug in play for an additional round. 
Lute of Oonai	Dreamlands	DL306	Artifact				-1		Unique											U	This Artifact has constant effect: Enchantedour Musician Allies add 1 point to their value. Bury the Lute of Oonai to cancel a Spell just cast on you. 
Magic Spear 	Dreamlands	DL307	Artifact	Enchanted Weapon		2	-1			Dreamlands										U	"If the Ally on which this Weapon is played blocks 1 or 2 points of damage, Bury this Weapon but not the Ally. "
Monolith of Ib	Dreamlands	DL308	Artifact				-1		Unique	Dreamlands										C	"This Artifact has constant effect: All Tomes featuring the Folk icon may hold one additional Folk Spell. If this card is lost, Bury all extra Folk Spells (your choice). "
Thag Weed 	Dreamlands	DL309	Artifact							Dreamlands										C	This Artifact has constant effect: Enchantedour investigator is able to survive in Space. Burn (Bury) Thag Weed to give all your Allies the Dreamer attribute for the remainder of the round. 
The Silver Key	Dreamlands	DL310	Artifact																	C	Use a Gate to walk to any Location (except Exotic) in another Dimension. Flip this card when used. 
War Horse 	Dreamlands	DL311	Artifact	Weapon		1	1													R	The Ally on which this card is played may also use one additional weapon with the War Horse. 
Wine of Pnoth 	Dreamlands	DL312	Artifact				1													c	Give this card to an Ally in play. This card adds the Dreamer attribute to that Ally. 
Zenig of Aphorat	Dreamlands	DL313	Artifact				-1		Unique											U	Play only at an Exotic Location. May serve as any one card required to complete an Adventure. Bury when the Adventure card is played.
Algol 	Dreamlands	DL401	Event	Star																C	"Bury all Star Events in play. While in play, the Spell capacity of Tomes increases by one. These extra Spells remain if this card is Buried. "
Angry Zoogs 	Dreamlands	DL402	Event				-1			Dreamlands										C	"Investigator with the highest Sanity (high Education if tied) must either Bury all Allies in play lacking the Dreamer attribute, or spend 3 points of Sanity to keep them all in play. "
Batophobia 	Dreamlands	DL403	Event	Phobia																C	Fear of things falling on you. Lose 1 point of Sanity at the beginning of each Turn that your Current Location features the City attribute 
Beast in the Cataract 	Dreamlands	DL404	Event																	R	Add 1 point to the cost of casting any Spell. This card is immune to the effects of any Star Event. Bury this card at the end of the Round. 
Betrayal 	Dreamlands	DL405	Event				-1													R	A random Corrupt Ally immediately attacks the other Allies. Opponent chooses how to absorb this damage. Opponent's Investigator is not attacked and loses no Sanity. Bury target Corrupt Ally 
Black Galley 	Dreamlands	DL406	Event				-2			Dreamlands										R	Target player must choose either to Bury a Corrupt Ally or Discard a Steadfast Ally. 
Blizzard 	Dreamlands	DL407	Event	Storm																C	No Travel by Land Events may be played while this card is in play. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played. Does not affect Travel Events in play
Cats of Ulthar 	Dreamlands	DL408	Event	Travel by Cats			1			Dreamlands										U	"You must have the Cat Chieftain in play to play this card. Immediately play a new Dreamlands Location, or Exotic Location in any dimension, right-side-up on top of your Story Deck, regardless of Travel requirements. "
Elephant Caravan 	Dreamlands	DL409	Event	Travel by Land						Dreamlands										C	"On a following turn, play a new Location card in the same Region, right-side-up on top of your Story Deck. Remain with the Elephant Caravan for a Turn to play one Tome or Artifact card (only one card per Elephant Caravan). "
Evening	Dreamlands	DL410	Event	Day																U	It is now Day. Bury any Day or Night Event in play. All Invisible Monsters add 1 point to their value 
Guardians of the Great Ones 	Dreamlands	DL411	Event				-1			Dreamlands										U	"All opponents must play Monster cards to their Threat face-up. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played. When this card is Buried, face-up Monster cards are flipped face-down. "
Highway Robbery 	Dreamlands	DL412	Event				-1													U	"Cause an opponent to Bury a random Artifact, or if it is Night and opponent's Investigator is Outside or in a Country Location, cause opponent to Discard a random Artifact. Then Bury this card. "
Lunar Eclipse 	Dreamlands	DL413	Event	Night																C	It is now night. Bury any Day or Night Event in play. All Living Dead Allies add 1 point to their value. 
Nightmare 	Dreamlands	DL414	Event				-1		Unique											U	"Use a Gate to play this card face-down to your Threat. Monsters in a Directed Threat with this card and the Monsters opposing them receive the benefit of their Special Effects, whether or not they are lost during the Cosmic Battle, as if they survived to affect the Investigator. "
Phobophobia 	Dreamlands	DL415	Event	Phobia																U	Fear of Phobias. Any one Phobia currently affecting your Investigator is redirected against the opponent of your choice. Then Bury this card. 
Polaris 	Dreamlands	DL416	Event	Star																R	Bury any Star Event in play. All Monsters are Invisible 
Rain of Fish 	Dreamlands	DL417	Event	Storm																U	Play this card when a Storm is in play. All locations featuring the Water attribute gain the Gate attribute. Bury this card when any Day or Night Event is played. 
Rude Awakening 	Dreamlands	DL418	Event						Unique											R	"Target opponent may play a Waking World Location next turn. If not, opponent suffers an attack worth 3 points (Allies may defend). Then Bury this card. "
Ship of Clouds 	Dreamlands	DL419	Event	Travel by Air						Dreamlands										C	"Immediately play a new Location card in a different Region, right-side up on top of your Story Deck. May not play a Location within the same Region. "
Shipwreck 	Dreamlands	DL420	Event																	R	Each opponent at a Travel by Sea Event as his or her current Location immediately plays a random Location card from his or her hand (no effect if he or she has no Location cards). 
Sky Galleon 	Dreamlands	DL421	Event	"Travel by Air, Travel by Sea"						Dreamlands										C	"On a following Turn play a new Location card in either the same or a different Region (including Space), right-side-up on top of your Story Deck. "
Strange Humanoid Encounter 	Dreamlands	DL422	Event																	R	Playable only at Night. All Locations featuring the Forest attribute gain the Gate attribute. Bury this card when any Day or Night Event is played. 
Sun Spots 	Dreamlands	DL423	Event	Day																C	It is now Day. Bury any Day or Night Event in play. Bury all Star Events in play. 
Swarm of Insects 	Dreamlands	DL424	Event	Night																U	"Bury any Day or Night Event in play. All Outside Investigators lose 1 point of Sanity when this card is played. Bury this card if a Day, Night, or Storm Event is played "
Tachyphobia 	Dreamlands	DL425	Event	Phobia																C	: Fear of Speed. Lose 1 Sanity point each time you play a Travel Event. 
The Children Have Sweet Dreams 	Dreamlands	DL426	Event				-1													R	"While this card is in play, add 1 point to the value of all your Allies. Bury this card at the end of the round. "
The Stars are Right 	Dreamlands	DL427	Event	Star																U	Bury any Star Event in play. You may use opponent's Event cards currently in play to meet conditions required to summon a Great Old One or Outer God 
The White Ship 	Dreamlands	DL428	Event	Travel by Sea																U	"On a following Turn, play a new Location featuring the Water attribute in a different Region. If you have a Dreamer Ally that Location may be in any Dimension. If you have the Captain of the White Ship in play that Location may be any Exotic Location regardless of travel restrictions or the Water requirement. "
Twister 	Dreamlands	DL429	Event	Storm																C	"Replace all Travel by Air cards with the Location card closest to the bottom of the Story Deck, right-side-up. Ignore revealed Sanity gain/loss. No Travel by Air Events may be played. Bury Twister if any Day or Night Event is played. "
Yak 	Dreamlands	DL430	Event	Travel by Land						Dreamlands										U	On a later Turn play a new Location in the same Region. You may as your turn remain on the Yak and Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator 
Zebra 	Dreamlands	DL431	Event	Travel by Land						Dreamlands										C	Immediately play a new Location card in the same Region right-side-up on top of your Story Deck. 
Bored Housewife	Dreamlands	DL001	Investigator		"English, French"									14	20	10	13	5	6		"While a Dreamlands Location is the top card of your Story Deck, your Education rises to 14."
Enthusiastic Chorus Girl	Dreamlands	DL002	Investigator		English									13	20	11	13	2	5		Have opponent to your right cut his or her deck and look at the bottom card of the cut. Add Sanity gain or loss indicated in that card's pentagram (if any).
Exploited Coal Miner	Dreamlands	DL003	Investigator		English									14	20	6	13	3	4		"As your Turn one time during a Round, you may Discard two cards and replace them with two new cards drawn from your Mythos Deck."
Falsely Imprisoned Convict	Dreamlands	DL004	Investigator		English									14	20	4	13	4	6		Have opponent to your right cut his or her deck and look at the bottom card of the cut. Add Sanity gain or loss indicated in that card's pentagram (if any).
Homeless Waif	Dreamlands	DL005	Investigator		None									16	20	3	7	0	7		"At the beginning of each turn, draw (""beg"") one card from your Mythos Deck. You may not Pass (to try to end the Round). You must play or you must discard one card."
Lyric Poet	Dreamlands	DL006	Investigator		"English, Greek"									12	20	14	13	4	4		"As your Turn one time during a Round, you may Discard one card and replace it with a new card drawn from your Mythos Deck."
Overworked Telephone Operator	Dreamlands	DL007	Investigator		"English, *French"									15	20	9	13	4	5		"While a Dreamlands Location is the top card of your Story Deck, you also know French"
Unacknowledged Author	Dreamlands	DL008	Investigator		"English, Latin"									13	20	15	13	4	6		"While a Dreamlands Location is the top card of your Story Deck, lower both Minimum and Maximum by 2."
Utopian Socialist	Dreamlands	DL009	Investigator		"English, Latin"									12	20	13	13	3	5		"When Sanity is tied, this investigator always declines to go first."
Widowed Seamstress	Dreamlands	DL010	Investigator		English									16	20	8	13	4	5		"While a Dreamlands Location is the top card of your Story Deck, lower both Minimum and Maximum by 1."
Basalt Pillars of the West 	Dreamlands	DL501	Location	"Water, Outside, Island, Site, "						Dreamlands		The West	Edge of the World							C	"You may walk to Splendid Cathuria, the Far Side of the Moon, or any Space Location. "
Castle of the Great Ones on Kadath 	Dreamlands	DL502	Location	"Outside, Artifact, Tome, Gate, City, Palace, "			-2			Dreamlands		Exotic 								R	"There must be a Star Event in play to play this card. You must Travel by Air to reach the Castle of the Great Ones on Kadath and Travel by Air to leave it. While this is your Current Location, all Spells cost no Sanity for your Investigator to cast. "
Cavern of Flame 	Dreamlands	DL503	Location	"Inside, Artifact, Gate, Country, Site, Underground, "						Dreamlands		The West	Oukranos Wilds							U	All Dreamer Allies add 2 points to their value while this is your current Location
City of Gugs 	Dreamlands	DL504	Location	"Outside, Gate, City, Lair, Underground, "						Dreamlands		The Underworld	Gug City							C	You may use this Gate to Summon one Gug and immediately attack with it. Opponent may defend with Allies but not use Spells or Artifacts
Cornwall-by-the-Sea 	Dreamlands	DL505	Location	"Water, Outside, Country, Town, "			2			Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							R	All Gentleman Allies add 1 point to their value while this is your current Location. 
Crag of Ghouls 	Dreamlands	DL506	Location	"Cemetery, Outside, Gate, Country, Lair, Underground, "						Dreamlands		The Underworld	The Wildlands							U	You may use this Gate to Summon one Ghoul and immediately attack with it. Opponent may defend with Allies but not use Spells or Artifacts. 
Far Side of the Moon 	Dreamlands	DL507	Location	"Outside, Artifact, Tome, Gate, Site, Space, "			-2			Dreamlands		Exotic								C	Beginning each Turn you must be able to survive in Space or lose 5 points of Sanity. You may reuse this Gate. For each Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Star Event. You must Travel by Air to leave this Location. 
Gate of Deeper Slumber 	Dreamlands	DL508	Location	"Forest, Inside, Gate, Country, Site, "			1			Dreamlands		The West	Oukranos Wilds							R	You may use this Gate more than once but you must Flip a Dreamer Ally face-down for each subsequent use. 
Great Abyss 	Dreamlands	DL509	Location	"Inside, Artifact, Gate, Country, Site, Underground, "						Dreamlands		The Underworld	The Wildlands							C	On a following turn you may play Sarkomand right-side-up on top of your Story Deck. 
Great Library of the Dreamlands (Celephais)	Dreamlands	DL510	Location	"Inside, Artifact, Tome, City, Library, "						Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							U	"You may, on a later Turn, play any Great Library of the Dreamlands card right-side-up, or you may walk to Celaeno"
Great Library of the Dreamlands (Dylathleen)	Dreamlands	DL511	Location	"Inside, Artifact, Tome, City, Library, "			-1			Dreamlands		The West	Dylath-Leen							R	"You may, on a later Turn, play any Great Library of the Dreamlands card right-side-up, or you may walk to Celaeno"
Great Library of the Dreamlands (Ilek-vad)	Dreamlands	DL512	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, City, Library, "						Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							C	"You may, on a later Turn, play any Great Library of the Dreamlands card right-side-up, or you may walk to Celaeno"
Great Library of the Dreamlands (Ulthar)	Dreamlands	DL513	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, City, Library, "						Dreamlands		The East	Ilek-Vad							C	"You may, on a later Turn, play any Great Library of the Dreamlands card right-side-up, or you may walk to Celaeno"
Harbor of the Black Galley 	Dreamlands	DL514	Location	"Water, Outside, Artifact, Gate, City, Port, "			-1			Dreamlands		The West	Dylath-Leen							C	Bury a Monster from your Threat to Bury opponent's random Ally 
Hesper Payne's House 	Dreamlands	DL515	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, City, House, "						Dreamlands		The East	Rinar							C	"You may cast a Spell from your Hand. Pay Sanity cost for Casting Spell, and Discard Spell after it has been cast. "
Hovel of the Cat Haters	Dreamlands	DL516	Location	"Inside, Tome, Gate, City, House, "			-1			Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							C	
Ilarnek 	Dreamlands	DL517	Location	"Forest, Water, Outside, Artifact, Country, Town, "			1			Dreamlands		The West	Mnar							C	"When this becomes your Current Location, Flip face-up all face-down Artifacts you have in play. "
Kuranes' Manor-House 	Dreamlands	DL518	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, City, House, "						Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							R	
Labyrinths of the Gnorri	Dreamlands	DL519	Location	"Water, Outside, Artifact, Gate, Country, Town, Underwater"						Dreamlands		The East	Iiek-Vad							C	"Beginning each Turn that this card is your Current Location, you must be able to Breathe Underwater or lose 5 points of Sanity. When Threats are revealed Bury any Greater Monster Directed at your Investigator. "
Merchant's Quarter	Dreamlands	DL520	Location	"Water, Outside, Artifact, Tome, Business, City, "			-1			Dreamlands		The East	Rinar							R	All Merchant Allies add 1 point to their value while this is your Current Location 
Mt. Ngranek 	Dreamlands	DL521	Location	"Forest, Water, Outside, Artifact, Gate, Island, Site, "						Dreamlands		The South	The Isles							C	You may walk to any Underworld Location from Mt. Ngranek. This card is not affected by Events or Spells played by your opponents that directly affect the top card of your Story Deck 
North Point Lighthouse	Dreamlands	DL522	Location	"Water, Inside, Artifact, Gate, Country, Lighthouse, "								Lovecraft	Kingsport							C	You may play this card immediately after playing a Travel by Sea Event. 
Old Brick Powerderhouse	Dreamlands	DL523	Location	"Forest, Inside, Artifact, City, Ruins, "								Lovecraft	Kingsport							C	Spend 1 point of Sanity to bring into play a Weapon buried in your Story Deck. Ignore Sanity gain/loss from playing the Weapon. 
Peaks of Thok	Dreamlands	DL524	Location	"Outside, Artifact, Gate, Country, Lair, Underground, "						Dreamlands		The Underworld	The Wildlands							U	You may use this Gate to Summon one Nightgaunt and immediately attack with it. Opponent may defend with Allies but not use Spells or Artifacts. 
Plateau of Leng 	Dreamlands	DL525	Location	"Cemetery, Outside, Gate, Country, Site, "						Dreamlands		The North	The North							C	You may use this Gate more than once. You must spend 1 point of Sanity for each subsequent use unless there is a Star Event in play. 
Processional Boulevard 	Dreamlands	DL526	Location	"Water, Outside, Gate, City, Site, "						Dreamlands		The East	Rinar							R	All Priest Allies add 1 point to their value while this is your Current Location. 
Rope & Anchor Tavern	Dreamlands	DL527	Location	"Water, Inside, Business, City, "								Lovecraft	Kingsport							U	For each Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator 
Sarkomand 	Dreamlands	DL528	Location	"Cemetery, Outside, Artifact, Gate, Country, Ruins, "						Dreamlands		The North	The North							C	On a following Turn you may play The Great Abyss right-side-up on top of your Story Deck. Add 1 point to the value of each Man of Leng while this is your Current Location 
Serranian 	Dreamlands	DL529	Location	"Outside, Artifact, Tome, Island, Palace, "			1			Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							C	You must Travel by Air to play this Location and Travel by Air to leave it. You may remain here for an additional Turn and bury all Phobias affecting your Investigator 
Splendid Cathuria 	Dreamlands	DL530	Location	"Forest, Water, Outside, Artifact, Tome, Country, Site, "			-2			Dreamlands		Exotic								U	You must have the Basalt Pillars of the West to play this card. Spend a Turn in Splendid Cathuria to gain 1 Sanity point. You must play a Waking World Location right-side-up on top of your Story Deck as your next Location. 
Street of Tears 	Dreamlands	DL531	Location	"Water, Outside, Gate, City, Site, "			-1			Dreamlands		The West	Dylath-Leen							C	"During Combat, add 1 point to each of your Directed Threats "
Temple of the Elder Ones 	Dreamlands	DL532	Location	"Forest, Inside, City, Temple, "			6		Unique	Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							C	"Reveal the top card of your Mythos Deck. If card revealed is a Monster, it attacks you immediately (Allies may defend), then Discard it. Discard any other card drawn. For each additional Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator. "
Temple of the Great Ones 	Dreamlands	DL533	Location	"Water, Inside, City, Temple, "			5		Unique	Dreamlands		The East	Rinar							C	"Set aside this card and shuffle your Story Deck. Randomly Discard one Story Deck card, then replace this card. For each additional Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator. "
The Bridge over the River Skai	Dreamlands	DL534	Location	"Cemetery, Water, Outside, Gate, City, Site, "						Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							R	
The Causeway and Father Neptune	Dreamlands	DL535	Location	"Water, Outside, City, Site, "			1					Lovecraft	Kingsport							R	"During combat, bury any Monster directed at your Investigator whose value increases at Locations featuring the Water attribute "
The Cliffs Of Glass	Dreamlands	DL536	Location	"Gate, Water, Country, Port"						Dreamlands		The East	Iiek-Vad								
The Enchanted Stone	Dreamlands	DL537	Location	"Forest, Outside, Country, Site, "			1			Dreamlands		The West	Oukranos Wilds							C	: On a following turn you may play Tower of Koth right-side-up on top of your Story Deck. 
The Enchanted Wood	Dreamlands	DL538	Location	"Forest, Outside, Gate, Country, Site, "			1			Dreamlands		The West	Oukranos Wilds							C	All Chief Allies add 2 points to their value while this is your Current Location. 
The Great Bazaar	Dreamlands	DL539	Location	"Water, Outside, Business, City, "						Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							C	You may join two Artifacts each Turn at The Great Bazaar 
The Harbor of Celephais	Dreamlands	DL540	Location	"Water, Outside, Artifact, Gate, City, Port, "			-1			Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							C	Spend 2 Sanity points to recover one Artifact from your Story Deck and bring it into play. Ignore Sanity gain/loss for playing Weapons. 
The Market-Place	Dreamlands	DL541	Location	"Forest, Outside, Artifact, Business, City, "						Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							C	All Merchant Allies add 1 point to their value while this is your Current Location 
The Nameless Lake	Dreamlands	DL542	Location	"Forest, Water, Outside, Gate, Country, Site, "						Dreamlands		The West	Mnar							R	"When this becomes your Current Location, each opponent reveals the top card of his or her Mythos Deck; you add or subract the Sanity cost for every card revealed. Discard revealed cards"
The Onyx Temple	Dreamlands	DL543	Location	"Water, Inside, City, Temple, "			5		Unique	Dreamlands		The West	Dylath-Leen							U	Make an appropriate sacrifice! Discard 1 random card from your hand. Remain here for one additional Turn and Discard 1 random card from your hand for each Phobia affecting your Investigator you wish to Bury
The Opal Throne	Dreamlands	DL544	Location	"Water, Inside, Artifact, City, Palace, "			1			Dreamlands		The East	Iiek-Vad							C	
The Palace of Seventy Delights	Dreamlands	DL545	Location	"Water, Inside, City, Palace, "						Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							R	For each Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator 
The Ruins of Ib	Dreamlands	DL546	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Outside, Artifact, Gate, Country, Ruins, "						Dreamlands		The West	Mnar							C	Add 1 point to the value of each Being of Ib or Ghost-Being of Ib while this is your Current Location. 
The Ruins of Sarnath	Dreamlands	DL547	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Outside, Artifact, Tome, Gate, Country, Ruins, "			-1			Dreamlands		The West	Mnar							C	
The Snake-Den	Dreamlands	DL548	Location	"Forest, Inside, Gate, Country, Site, Underground, "								Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							C	You may use this gate to play Dreamlands Monsters to your Threat 
The Strange High House in the Mist	Dreamlands	DL549	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, Gate, Country, House, "								Lovecraft	Kingsport							C	You may use this gate to play Dreamlands Monsters to your Threat 
The Street of Pillars	Dreamlands	DL550	Location	"Water, Outside, Gate, City, Site, "						Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							C	All Priest Allies add 1 point to their value while this is your Current Location. 
The Tall Lighthouse	Dreamlands	DL551	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, City, Lighthouse, "						Dreamlands		The West	Dylath-Leen							R	You may play this card immediately after playing a Travel by Sea Event 
The Temple of Bokrug	Dreamlands	DL552	Location	"Forest, Water, Outside, Country, Ruins, Temple, "			5		Unique	Dreamlands		The West	Mnar							U	Gain 5 Sanity. You must either Bury a Steadfast Ally or remain at this Location for an additional Turn to perform appropriate rites. For each additional Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator 
The Temple of Loveliness at Kiran	Dreamlands	DL553	Location	"Forest, Inside, Tome, Country, Temple, "			4		Unique	Dreamlands		The West	Oukranos Wilds							U	"Gain 4 Sanity points, but reveal the top card of your Mythos Deck. Apply any Sanity gain or loss indicated in the pentagram on the card, then Discard it. During each additional Turn that you remain here you may bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator. "
The Turquoise Temple of Nath-Horthath 	Dreamlands	DL554	Location	"Water, Inside, City, Temple, "			5		Unique	Dreamlands		The East	Celephais							U	Gain 5 Sanity. You must either Bury a Corrupt Ally or remain here for an additional Turn in abject contemplation. For each additional Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator 
The White Whale Inn	Dreamlands	DL555	Location	"Outside, Business, City, "						Dreamlands		The West	Ulthar							C	For each turn that you remain here you may bury one phobia affecting your investigator.
Tower of Koth 	Dreamlands	DL556	Location	"Inside, Tome, City, Site, Underground, "						Dreamlands		The Underworld	Gug City							C	On a following Turn you may play The Enchanted Stone right-side-up on top of your Story Deck. 
Vale of Pnoth 	Dreamlands	DL557	Location	"Cemetery, Outside, Gate, Country, Lair, Underground, "						Dreamlands		The Underworld	The Wildlands							R	You may use this Gate to Summon one Dhole and immediately attack with it. Opponent may defend with Allies but not use Spells or Artifacts. 
Vaults of Zin 	Dreamlands	DL558	Location	"Cemetery, Inside, Gate, City, Lair, Underground, "						Dreamlands		The Underworld	Gug City							C	You may use this Gate to Summon one Ghast and immediately attack with it. Opponent may defend with Allies but not use Spells or Artifacts. 
Basilisk	Dreamlands	DL701	Monster	Lesser Independent		2	-1													R	" When revealed, Flip all of opponent's Defending Allies whose current value is an odd number."
Being of Ib	Dreamlands	DL702	Monster	Lesser Servitor		1			Unique	Dreamlands										C	"When revealed, +1 Value for each Ally opponent has committed to defend against it. Joins Beings of Ib."
Bokrug	Dreamlands	DL703	Monster	Great Old One		GOO		"Ruins, Storm"												C	All Locations feature the Water attribute. Do not Bury Storm Events. Investigators may not gain Sanity unless they are in Mnar.
Buopoth	Dreamlands	DL704	Monster	Lesser Independent					Unique	Dreamlands										C	Monsters opposing do not Bypass. Joins with all Monsters.
Cat from Saturn	Dreamlands	DL705	Monster	Greater Independent		3	-1		Unique	Dreamlands										C	Bypasser. Cannot be Summoned or Controlled. Joins Cats from Saturn.
Chorazin	Dreamlands	DL706	Monster	Great Old One		GOO		"Dreamlands Site, Lunar Eclipse"												R	"[Dreamlands Site, Lunar Eclipse] All Phobias affect only the Investigator who played them. Investigators may not gain Sanity."
Dhole  (v1)	Dreamlands	DL707	Monster	Greater Independent		4	-1		Unique											R	"When revealed, if opponent's Current Location is Underground, you may Bury this card and cause opponent to Bury his Current Location (Ignore revealed Sanity gain/loss). Joins Dholes. UNIQUE"
Fireworm of Parg	Dreamlands	DL708	Monster	Greater Independent		5	-2			Dreamlands										U	All Monsters in the same Directed Threat function as if it is Day.
Ghasts (v1)	Dreamlands	DL709	Monster	Lesser Independent		2														C	"-1 Value if it is Day. When revealed, +2 Value if opposing Gugs. Joins Ghasts."
Ghoul (v2)	Dreamlands	DL710	Monster	Lesser Independent		2														C	+1 Value if you or your opponent is in an Underground Location. Joins Ghouls.
Gnor	Dreamlands	DL711	Monster	Lesser Independent		2				Dreamlands										C	+2 Value if you or your opponent is in an Underwater Location. Joins Gnor.
Gug	Dreamlands	DL712	Monster	Lesser Independent		3	-1			Dreamlands										C	+1 Value if opposing Ghouls or Ghasts. +1 Value if you or your opponent is Underground. Joins Gugs.
Leng Spider	Dreamlands	DL713	Monster	Lesser Independent		4	-2													R	"When revealed, Bury one random Lesser Monster in the Directed Threat which it opposes."
Lesser Shantak	Dreamlands	DL714	Monster	Lesser Servitor		2														C	"When revealed, -1 Value if opposing Nightgaunts. Joins Lesser Shantaks and Corrupt Cultists."
Man of Leng	Dreamlands	DL715	Monster	Lesser Independent		1														U	Joins with any Lesser Independent
Minion of Karakal	Dreamlands	DL716	Monster	Greater Servitor		3	-1	Invisible 												U	Randomly choose one of your opponent's Artifacts to Bury for each Minion of Karakal that survives the Cosmic Battle.
Moon-Beast	Dreamlands	DL717	Monster	Lesser Independent		2				Dreamlands										C	"Add 1 point to the value of this card if it is Night. Add 2 points to the value of this card if the Current Location of you or your opponent features the Space attribute, or if the Lunar Eclipse or Full Moon is in play."
Nightgaunts (v2)	Dreamlands	DL718	Monster	Lesser Servitor		2														C	"If Summoned, use Nightgaunts as a Travel by Air Event; immediately play a new Location right-side-up in any region. Joins Nightgaunts."
Nodens	Dreamlands	DL719	Monster	Outer God		OG		"Underground Location, Star"												U	No Monsters are Invisible. No Monsters Bypass Combat. No Investigator may gain Sanity.
Shantaks (v2)	Dreamlands	DL720	Monster	Lesser Servitor		3														C	"When revealed, Bury this card if opposing Nightgaunts. If summoned, use Shantaks as a Travel by Air Event and immediately play a new Location in any Region including Space."
Tcho-Tcho People	Dreamlands	DL721	Monster	Lesser Servitor		1														U	Joins with any Lesser Servitor.
Voonith	Dreamlands	DL722	Monster	Lesser Independent		2				Dreamlands										U	When Voonith is revealed you may declare that it is in hibernation: set it aside. It does not participate in Combat this round. Begin the next round with the hibernating Voonith in your Threat. Joins Voonith.
Anathema	Dreamlands	DL801	Spell	Dream			-1													U	Choose a Spell in target Tome and flip it face down.
Barrier of Seol Seril	Dreamlands	DL802	Spell	Eye			-1													C	This Spell may be cast during Combat only. No Monsters in any Threat Bypass Combat.
Channel Prophecy	Dreamlands	DL803	Spell	Dream			-1													U	Take a 13-second glance at a numbe of cards on top of your Mythos Deck equal to your Investigators current Maximum
Command Lamp-Eft	Dreamlands	DL804	Spell	Dream			-1													C	"It is now Day; put this card in Event area. Bury any Day or Night Event in play. Night Events may not be played. Once cast, Bury this card if any Day Event is played."
Concentric Rings of the Worm	Dreamlands	DL805	Spell	Folk			-2													C	This Spell may be cast during Combat only. Bury one random Monster card chosen from any one Directed Threat attacking your Investigator.
Crystal World	Dreamlands	DL806	Spell	Eye			-1													R	"Your Investigator is able to Breathe Underwater for the remainder of the round. If a Star Event is in play, your Investigator is also able to survive in Space."
Deflection	Dreamlands	DL807	Spell	Dream			-3													U	"This Spell may be cast during Combat only. Target Defending Ally becomes your Defending Ally for the remainder of Combat. Return Ally to opponent or Bury Ally in opponent's Story Deck, as appropriate, at the end of Combat"
Dream Sending of Glaaki	Dreamlands	DL808	Spell	Yellow Sign			-2													R	"Cancel a Spell just cast on you and choose a new appropriate target, as if you are casting the same Spell."
Embody Charnal Odor of Xura	Dreamlands	DL809	Spell	Dream			-1													C	Summon or Control one Lesser Servitor Monster
Equilateral Screen	Dreamlands	DL810	Spell	Eye			-1													U	Take a 13-second glance at all cards in one opponent's Threat
Gate of Oneirology	Dreamlands	DL811	Spell	Folk			-1													C	If you are in the Waking World immediately play any Dreamlands Location as if walking. If you are in the Dreamlands immediately play any Waking World Location as if walking. You may not play Exotic Locations
Green Mist of Doom	Dreamlands	DL812	Spell	Dream			-2													C	"If it is Day, Bury opponent's Current Location. If it is Night, Discard opponent's Current Location."
Ironmind	Dreamlands	DL813	Spell	Dream			-1													R	Increase your maximum by three for the remainder of the Round. Not cumulative with other cards that raise your maximum
Lassitude of Phein	Dreamlands	DL814	Spell	Folk			-1													C	Flip a target Ally
Mysteries of Thalarion	Dreamlands	DL815	Spell	Water			-2													C	Summon or Control one Greater Independent Monster
Petition of Menes	Dreamlands	DL816	Spell	Dream			-2													C	Randomly Bury one of your opponent's Allies lacking the Dreamer attribute.
Ravening Madness	Dreamlands	DL817	Spell	Yellow Sign			-1													R	Cause opponent's Investigator to lose 1 point of Sanity
The Awful Doom of Cerrit	Dreamlands	DL818	Spell	Yellow Sign			-3													R	Discard a random Ally.
Throth's Stalwart	Dreamlands	DL819	Spell	Water			-2													R	"During Combat this round, target is Buried only if it takes its full card value in Sanity loss."
Vortex of Far Journeying	Dreamlands	DL820	Spell	Dream			-2													U	"Target opponent reveals the top card of his or her Mythos Deck. If it is a Location it immediately becomes his or her Current Location. If it is a Monster it attacks him or her (Allies may defend), then is Discarded. If it is some other kind of card, it is Discarded."
Whirligig	Dreamlands	DL821	Spell	Water			-1													R	"Flip all face-down cards you currently have in play face-up, except Spells"
Book of Beautiful Devices	Dreamlands	DL901	Tome	Dream	Hyperborean	2	-1			Dreamlands										C	You may find Dreamlands Artifacts in the Waking World
Cultus Maleficarum	Dreamlands	DL902	Tome	Yellow Sign	English	1	-1													R	
Monstres and Their Kynde	Dreamlands	DL903	Tome	"Eye, Folk"	English	1	-1													C	
Necronomicon Dreamlands Edition	Dreamlands	DL904	Tome	"Dream, Eye, Yellow Sign"	Glyphs	4	-3													U	This card may be found at an Exotic Location only. You may walk between the Waking World and the Dreamlands as if they were in the same Region.
Papyrus of Ilarnek	Dreamlands	DL905	Tome	"Dream, Water"	Glyphs	2	-1			Dreamlands										C	
Pnakotic Manuscripts	Dreamlands	DL906	Tome	"Folk, Water"	Atlantean or Hyperborean	2	-2													U	Bury this card to cancel the effects of an Event just played. Then Bury the Event.
Thaumaturgical Prodigies in the New English Canaan (v1)	Dreamlands	DL907	Tome	Folk	English	2	-1													U	
Thaumaturgical Prodigies in the New English Canaan (v2)	Dreamlands	DL908	Tome	Folk	English	1														C	
The Book of the Black Stones	Dreamlands	DL909	Tome	Dream	English	2	-2			Dreamlands										R	You may find Dreamlands Artifacts in the Waking World
The Voynich Manuscript	Dreamlands	DL910	Tome	"Eye, Yellow Sign"	Greek & Latin	3	-2													R	
