Name	Set	Image	Type	Attributes	Languages	Value	Sanity	Summon	Unique	Dimension	Region	City	Beginning Sanity	Max Sanity	Education	Hand Size	Minuimum	Maximum	Rarity	Text
A Heroic Rescue	Limited	Ltd101	Adventure	Mythos Experience		7	3												U	"A STEADFAST AUTHOR, friend ally of yours, has been abducted by agents of the Mythos. Gathering your friends, you know you can rely on the REPORTER, the DOCTOR, the PRIVATE EYE, and the WIFE. The CORRUPT CULTIST has his lair in a CEMETERY, where you corner him with a WEAPON and capture his terrible TOME."
Knee-Deep in Doom	Limited	Ltd102	Adventure	Mythos Experience		5	2												C	"Many of the Mythos tales feature a poor unfortunate fellow who, despite the best of intentions and regardless of merit, is wholly consumed by the horrors from beyond. Before your Sanity runs out, you must have discovered physical proof of the existence of the Mythos (20 POINTS-WORTH OF MONSTERS in your Story Deck). "
On The Edge	Limited	Ltd103	Adventure	Mythos Experience		6	4												R	"Ah! The brink of Insanity can bring enlightment. Find a way to drive your own SANITY below SIX POINTS. Of course, thay then carry you off to the SANATARIUM. The DOCTOR there, a CORRUPT CULTIST in disguise, chooses your for his diabolical experiments. First he tries to induce TWO different PHOBIAS. Then, using the instructions in his CALL OF CTHULHU TOME, he ""REROLLS"" YOUR INVESTIGATOR"
One Dark and Stormy Night	Limited	Ltd104	Adventure	Mythos Experience		6	2												C	"It just seems that things always go from bad to worse. During a POWERFUL STORM, travel to THREE different LOCATIONS along the MISCATONIC VALLEY, using at least one TRAVEL BY CAR and finding refuge in a nearby CHURCH"
Stand Against the Order	Limited	Ltd105	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		9	4												R	"You and two STEADFAST ALLIES are (at first) greatly impressed by the strange magnetic charisma of BARNABAS MARSH, JEREMIAH BREWSTER and ROBERT MARSH (two of these three), leaders of the Order. You soon notice evidence of the INNSMOUTH LOOK among their followers. Stealthy investigation of the MARSH MANSION and the MARSH REFINERY reveals convincing evidence of their terrible customs and foul plot for humankind. In a desperate attempt to rid the world of this menace, you DYNAMITE the ESOTERIC ORDER OF DAGON"
The Birds and the Byakhees	Limited	Ltd106	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		6	2												R	"Many strange and unusual species inhabit the surrounding terrain. Your job is to study them. Arising at the DAWN OF A NEW DAY, you travel to TWO different WATER LOCATIONS to meet an ALLY of the opposite sex as your Investigator. Together you travel to TWO different FOREST/COUNTRY LOCATIONS to go MONSTER watching. Bring your journal back to any PRESS LOCATION or SOCIETY LOCATION."
The Curious Parcel	Limited	Ltd107	Adventure	Mythos Experience		6	2												C	"Old, eccentric Uncle Eliott has done it this time. Now he's disappeared, and is presumed dead by the authorities. But wait... a package today has been delivered to you! Find a TOME in a language other than English. Learn at least ONE SPELL in that Tome. Travel to ONE LIBRARY, ONE CEMETERY, and a GATE LOCATION (3 cards). Finally meet TWO ALLIES that are either AUTHORS, SCHOLARS, PROFESSORS, or ARTISTS"
The Great Epidemic	Limited	Ltd108	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		9	4												R	"That year, a terrible plague fell on Arkham. Assisting the DOCTOR, you struggle THREE DAYS against the worst TYPHOID EPIDEMIC in memory. You marvel at the skill of one student in particular, HERBERT WEST, who works tirelessly, often late into the NIGHT. Many in town die, including the DOCTOR (he must be in your Story Deck). Later, a mad ZOMBIE-thing runs amok and kills several people. It is now incarcerated at a SANITARIUM"
The Interesting Shop	Limited	Ltd109	Adventure	Mythos Experience		5	1												C	Spend the day traveling about town searching for that just-right knick-knack to adorn your mantle. Visit 4 different CITY LOCATIONS where you might find an ARTIFACT or TOME and find one thing that costs you at least 1 sanity point
The Outsider	Limited	Ltd110	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		7	3												R	"A eerie CORRUPT CULTIST moved into the HOUSE with a Gate at the edge of town. You spied him hauling THREE ARTIFACTS or TOMES into the storied place by the light of the WAXING MOON. Rushing back to the BUSINESS, the TOWNSFOLK RIOT in response to your warning, interrupting his foul ritual IN THE NICK OF TIME"
The Theron Marks Society	Limited	Ltd111	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		6	2												U	"You are not alone. The Theron-Marks Society believes your wild stories of a MONSTER. We'll help you take care of that PHOBIA, as well. Our members will examine that odd TOME with that supposed SPELL that you found in the COUNTRY HOUSE. When you are feeling better, you and those TWO STEADFAST ALLIES are welcome to return as proud members of the Theron-Marks Society. One final thing - bring a WEAPON"
Your First Big Story	Limited	Ltd112	Adventure	Mythos Experience		6	2												C	"The local newspaper wants your story! To get this story published, you must include the following elements that show a disturbing trend: search for evidence in THREE GATE LOCATIONS located in tree different cities or towns; have known an ALLY that costs you Sanity; discover a TOME or ARTIFACT as evidence, and get back to a PRESS LOCATION while it is DAY."
Abigail Winthrop Marsh	Limited	Ltd201	Ally	Steadfast Wife	English	2					Lovecraft	Innsmouth							C	Add 2 points to the value of this card while any other Marsh card is in play as an Ally
Albert N. Wilmarth	Limited	Ltd202	Ally	Steadfast Professor	"English, Latin & Greek"	2					Lovecraft	Arkham							U	
Albert Shiny	Limited	Ltd203	Ally	Corrupt Friend	English	4			Yes		Lovecraft	Any City							R	"Does not use Weapons. While this card is in play, you may Discard any Shoggoth that attacks your Investigator at the moment that it is revealed. At the end of that Round, bury poor Albert in your Story Deck."
Ammi Pierce	Limited	Ltd204	Ally	Steadfast Farmer	English	2					Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							C	"While he is in play, add one to the Maximum number of cards that you may keep in your Hand. Cumulative with other Allies that raise your Maximum."
Ann White	Limited	Ltd205	Ally	Steadfast Housekeeper	English	1					Lovecraft	Providence							C	Add 1 point to this card's value when either Rhoby Harris or Mercy Dexter is in play.
Arthur Munroe	Limited	Ltd206	Ally	Steadfast Reporter	English	2					Any City								C	"While this card is in play, subtract one from the Minimum number of cards that you may keep in your Hand. Not cumulative with other Allies that lower your Minimum."
Asenath Waite Derby	Limited	Ltd207	Ally	Corrupt Wife & Living Dead	English	1	-1				Lovecraft	Arkham							R	Cannot be played if you have Ephraim Waite in play. Can know any one Spell. Bury Spell in your Story Deck after it is cast.
Barnabas Marsh	Limited	Ltd208	Ally	Corrupt Cultist	English	1	-1		Yes		Lovecraft	Innsmouth							R	Add 1 point to the value of this card if your Investigator has the Jewelry of the Deep Ones.
Charles Dexter Ward	Limited	Ltd209	Ally	Corrupt Student	English	2					Lovecraft	Providence							U	Add 2 points to the value of this card while you have any Attributes: Corrupt Cultist in play as an ally.
Crawford Tillinghast	Limited	Ltd210	Ally	Corrupt Inventor	English	2			Yes		Lovecraft	Providence							U	"You may place an Artifact card beneath this card on your Turn in any Location. If this card is discarded or Buried, the Artifact suffers the same fate. The Artifact can be replaced with another, if lost."
Dr. Marinus Bicknell Willett	Limited	Ltd211	Ally	Steadfast Doctor	English	1					Lovecraft	Providence							C	This Doctor and one Ally of your choice are excluded when determing the results of an Epidemic
Edward Pickman Derby	Limited	Ltd212	Ally	Steadfast Poet	English	2					Lovecraft	Arkham							R	Add 1 point to the value of this card while you have Asenath Waite Derby in play
Ephraim Waite	Limited	Ltd213	Ally	Corrupt Cultist & Living Dead	English	2	-1		Yes	Past	Lovecraft	Innsmouth							R	"Cannot be played if you have Asenath Waite in play. When you bury Ephraim, you may immediately play Asenath Waite Derby card. Can know any one Spell. Bury Spell in your Story Deck after it is cast."
George Birch	Limited	Ltd214	Ally	Corrupt Undertaker	English	3					Any Cemetery								C	Add 1 point to the value of this card while your current Location is a cemetery.
Harvey Walters	Limited	Ltd215	Ally	Steadfast Reporter	English	2					Lovecraft	Arkham							C	"While this card is in play, subtract one from the Minimum number of cards that you may keep in your Hand. Not cumulative with other Allies that lower your Minimum."
Howard Lovecraft (v1)	Limited	Ltd216	Ally	Steadfast Author	English & Hyperborean	1	1				Lovecraft	Providence							U	Remain in any Providence Location with Lovecraft for one Turn and Bury one Phobia
Jeremiah Brewster	Limited	Ltd217	Ally	Corrupt Cultist	English	3	-1				Lovecraft	Innsmouth							C	Add 1 point to the value of this card if your Investigator has the Jewelry of the Deep Ones.
K.J. Hooper	Limited	Ltd218	Ally	Steadfast Private Eye	English	3					Lovecraft	Arkham							C	"Protection from Police Investigation and from cards that cause you to lose Artifacts and Tomes. At the moment when you would lose an Artifact or Tome, you may choose to Bury this card instead. Your opponent must then Bury his or her card."
Mercy Dexter	Limited	Ltd219	Ally	Steadfast Sister	English	3					Lovecraft	Providence							C	Add 1 point to this card's value when either Rhoby Harris or Ann White is in play.
Nahum Gardner	Limited	Ltd220	Ally	Steadfast Farmer	English	2	1				Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							C	
Randolph Carter	Limited	Ltd221	Ally	Steadfast Dreamer	Knows English & French	2					Any City								R	"As long as he is chosen as a defending Ally, he raises the card value of all other Attributes: Steadfast defending Allies by one point per card. Not cumulative with another Ally's Command Ability"
Raymond Legrasse	Limited	Ltd222	Ally	Steadfast Police Detective	English & French	3					Lovecraft	Any City							C	"Protection from Police Investigation and from cards that cause you to lose Artifacts and Tomes. At the moment when you would lose an Artifact or Tome, you may choose to Bury this card instead. Your opponent must then Bury his or her card."
Rhoby Harris	Limited	Ltd223	Ally	Steadfast Wife	English & French	2					Lovecraft	Providence							R	Add point to this card's value when either Mercy Dexter or Ann White is in play.
Robert Harrison Blake	Limited	Ltd224	Ally	Steadfast Artist	English	1	1				Lovecraft	Providence							R	
Robert Marsh	Limited	Ltd225	Ally	Corrupt Cultist	English	2	-1		Yes		Lovecraft	Innsmouth							U	Add 1 point to the value of this card if your Investigator has the Jewelry of the Deep Ones.
Zadok Allen	Limited	Ltd226	Ally	Steadfast Bum	Knows no languages	1					Any Outside								C	"While this card is in play, add one to the Maximum number of cards that you may keep in your Hand. Cumulative with other Allies that raise your Maximum."
Chime of Tezchaptl 	Limited	Ltd301	Artifact				-2												R	Flip this card face-down to cancel an opponent's Spell that was just cast. 
Dynamite (v1)	Limited	Ltd302	Artifact	Weapon		6	-1												C	"Add 6 points to Ally's value. One weapon per Ally. If Ally is Buried, also Bury this card. Discard both Dynamite and Ally after use in Combat. "
Elephant Gun 	Limited	Ltd303	Artifact			3													U	"Add 3 points to Ally's value. One weapon per Ally. If Ally is Discarded or Buried, this card also suffers the same fate. "
Enchanted Cane	Limited	Ltd304	Artifact				-1		Yes										R	"Increase your Investigator's maximum Sanity by five while this card is in play. If this card is Discarded or Buried, Sanity points above your maximum are immediately lost. "
Jewelry of the Deep Ones	Limited	Ltd305	Artifact				-1												U	"Increase the card value of all Deep Ones, Father Dagon, Mother Hydra, and certain Corrupt Cultists by 1 point. "
Mi-Go Braincase 	Limited	Ltd306	Artifact				-1												R	"Place this artifact with an Ally. That Ally can now know one Spell. Bury Spell when cast. If this Artifact is Discarded or Buried, the Spell suffers the same fate. "
Mist Projector 	Limited	Ltd307	Artifact	Enchanted Weapon		3	-1												R	"Add 3 points to Ally's value. One weapon per Ally. If Ally is lost, also lose this card "
Paracelsus' Sword 	Limited	Ltd308	Artifact	Enchanted Weapon		2	-1												U	"Add 2 points to Ally's value. One Weapon per Ally. If Ally is Discarded or Buried, this card also suffers the same fate. "
Ring of Eibon 	Limited	Ltd309	Artifact				-1												R	Spend 2 Sanity points to gain a 13-second glacne at one opponent's hand and choose their next legal play (cannot be a Pass) of a card from their hand to the table. Flip this card face down after use. 
Seal of Isis 	Limited	Ltd310	Artifact				-1												C	"Protects against theft. If opponent plays a card that would cause you to lose an Artifact, Tome, or Spell from a Tome, you may choose to Bury this card instead. Opponent also immediately Buries card used. "
Shining Trapezohedron	Limited	Ltd311	Artifact				-2		Yes										U	Can be used in the place of any one of the cards needed to play Great Old One or an Outer God. Bury this card when used
Shotgun 	Limited	Ltd312	Artifact	Weapon		2	1												C	"Add 2 points to Ally's value. One Weapon per Ally. If Ally is Discarded or Buried, this card also suffers the same fate. "
Sphere of Nath	Limited	Ltd313	Artifact				-2		Yes										R	"Take the top card of your opponent's Story Deck and Discard it. If acard revealed is not a Location, bury it. Repeat until a Location card is revealed. Ignore Sanity gain/loss; may use Gate. Then, bury this card. "
Star Stone of Mnar 	Limited	Ltd314	Artifact				-1												U	Designate one Threat to be affected before Monsters are revealed. Halves the attack from Lesser Servitors and Lesser Independents. 
The Brazen Head	Limited	Ltd315	Artifact				-2		Yes										U	"Can know any one spell. Bury Spell in your Story Deck after it's cast. Knows Greek, Latin & Chinese. "
The Ultra-Violet	Limited	Ltd316	Artifact				-1												R	"While in play, this card makes all Invisible monsters in any attacking Threat Visible, but adds 1 point to the card value of each affected Monster "
Tommygun 	Limited	Ltd317	Artifact	Weapon		3													C	"Add 3 points to Ally's value; Ally is now corrupt. One weapon per Ally. If Ally is Discarded or Buried, this card also suffers the same fate. "
Amnesia 	Limited	Ltd401	Event																C	"Randomly choose one card from your opponent's Hand that he or she must Discard, then Bury this card. "
An Unexpected Calamity (v1)	Limited	Ltd402	Event																U	"Play this card and announce ""Pass."" This Pass ends the current Round, even if it is the only Pass in the Round. "
Bacteriophobia 	Limited	Ltd403	Event	Phobia															C	"Fear of Germs. Lose 1 Sanity point if you or your Allies have a Weapon, Tome, or Artifact when this card is played, and each time you play an Artifact, Tome or Weapon card. "
Beatrice is Released From the Attic 	Limited	Ltd404	Event				-1												R	"Choose one Ally up to 4 points in value (including Weapon) that your opponent must Bury, then Bury this card. "
Car (v1)	Limited	Ltd405	Event	Travel by Land															C	Immediately play a new Location in the same Region right-side up on top of your Story Deck. 
Catastrophic Failure 	Limited	Ltd406	Event																C	The Weapon held by one Ally malfuctions catastrophically and dramatically. Bury the target Ally and Discard his or her Weapon. 
Children Have Nightmares 	Limited	Ltd407	Event				-1												U	"All Allies of one opponent are reduced by 2 points for the remainder of this Round, to a minimum of 1. Bury this card at the end of the Round. "
Claustrophiobia 	Limited	Ltd408	Event	Phobia															C	Fear of Enclosed Spaces. Lose 1 Sanity point if you are currently at an Inside Location and at the beginning of each Turn that you are Inside. 
Dawn of a New Day	Limited	Ltd409	Event	Day			1												C	Bury any Night or Day Event in play. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played. 
Demophobia 	Limited	Ltd410	Event	Phobia															C	"Fear of Crowds. Lose 1 Sanity point each time you play an Ally card, by whatever means, alongside your Investigator. "
Dendrophobia 	Limited	Ltd411	Event	Phobia															R	Fear of Trees. Lose 1 Sanity point if you are currently at a Forest Location and at the beginning of each Turn that you are in a Forest Location. 
Direct Sunlight 	Limited	Ltd412	Event	Day															U	It is now Day. Bury any Night or Day Event in play. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played. 
Discover Secret Cache 	Limited	Ltd413	Event																U	"Immediately play an Artifact or a Tome card regardless of current Location's attributes. You or your Allies must still know the proper Languages, if neede. Then, Bury this card. "
Drought 	Limited	Ltd414	Event																U	No Location bears the Water symbol while this card is in play. Bury any Storm event in play. Bury this card if any Storm Event is played. 
Earthquake 	Limited	Ltd415	Event				-1												U	"Take the top card of your opponent's Sotry Deck, and Bury it. If card revealed is not a Location, Bury it also. Repeat until a Location is revealed. Ignore Sanity gain/loss; may use Gate. Then, Bury this card. "
Eclipse of the Sun 	Limited	Ltd416	Event	Day															R	Bury any Night or Day Event in play. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played. 
Eosophobia 	Limited	Ltd417	Event	Phobia															C	: Fear of Dawn. Lose 1 Sanity point if it is Day and each time a Day Event is played. 
Flee to Special Room 	Limited	Ltd418	Event																C	"Cancel the effects of a card played since your last Turn that would otherwise cause you to Bury or Discard an Ally or Allies. Then, Bury this card"
Full Moon 	Limited	Ltd419	Event	Night															U	Bury any Day Event or any other Night Event in play. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played. 
Harney Reginald Opens Fire 	Limited	Ltd420	Event																C	"Bury opponent's Ally of up to 2 points (excluding the value of any Weapons). Then, Bury this card "
Hound of the Tindalos 	Limited	Ltd421	Event				-1												U	"Can only be used against Allies who are Inside. Bury any Ally of your opponent. Then, Bury this card "
Hurricane 	Limited	Ltd422	Event	Storm					Yes										U	Bury Travel by Air or Sea cards on top of any Story Deck (return to former Location). Ignore sanity/loss gain; no Gate use. Neither may be played. Every Location now bears the Water Attribute. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played 
Hydrophobia 	Limited	Ltd423	Event	Phobia															U	Fear of Water. Lose 1 Sanity point if you are currently in a Water Location and at the beginning of each Turn that you are in a Water Location 
Iatrophobia 	Limited	Ltd424	Event	Phobia															R	Fear of Doctors. Lose 1 Sanity point at the beginning of each turn that a Sanitarium is the top card of your Story Deck. You may not remove this Phobia in a Sanitarium 
In the Nick of Time 	Limited	Ltd425	Event																U	"Play this card, and the Pass by a player on an earlier Turn is voided - no Passes have been announced for the the current Round. You may immediately play a second card. "
Influenza 	Limited	Ltd426	Event	Epidemic			-1												C	"Randomly choose one Ally that opponent must Bury. Each other player's Investigator also in the same Region must also randomly Bury one Ally. Then, Bury this card "
Instability in the Mythos (v1)	Limited	Ltd427	Event																C	"If the target Threat contains more than three cards, including any Great Old One or Outer Gods, randomly Discard three. Then, Bury this card. "
Instability in the Mythos (v2)	Limited	Ltd428	Event																C	"If the target Threat contains more than three cards, randomly choose two cards and add them to your Threat as if you summoned them (place crosswise). Bury them in your opponent's Story Deck at the end of Combat. Then, Bury this card "
Monophobia 	Limited	Ltd429	Event	Phobia															C	Fear of Being Alone. Lose 1 Sanity point each time you lose an Ally 
New Moon 	Limited	Ltd430	Event	Day															U	"No effect on Day Events, but if none are in play then it is Day. Bury Night Events. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played "
Obsessive/Compulsive 	Limited	Ltd431	Event	Phobia					Yes										R	"Repeated behavior. At the beginning of each Round, lose 1 Sanity point and reshuffle your Mythos Deck and all discards "
Police investigation 	Limited	Ltd432	Event																C	"At the beginning of the next Round, the local police confiscate four cards from opponent's hand. Opponent draws four cards fewer than usual. Bury this card at the end of the Round "
Powerful Storms 	Limited	Ltd433	Event	Storm															C	Bury Travel By Air cards on top of any Story Deck (return to former Location). Ignore Sanity loss/gain; no Gate use. No Travel By Air cards may be played while this card is in play. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played 
Rhabdophobia 	Limited	Ltd434	Event	Phobia															U	Fear of being eaten. Lose 1 Sanity point any time that any player plays a card that begins a new Threat (not that is added to an existing Threat). 
Scotophobia 	Limited	Ltd435	Event	Phobia															C	"Fear of Darkness. Lose 1 Sanity point if it is Night, and each time a Night Event is played "
The Innsmouth Look	Limited	Ltd436	Event																R	"Move opponent's Ally to his or her Threat, face down. Ally functions as a Lesser Independent Monster for the remainder of this Round. Bury that Ally after Combat is concluded. Bury this card once the ally has been moved "
Thieves in your Attic 	Limited	Ltd437	Event																C	"Randomly select one Artifact card (not a Tome) that your opponent must Bury, then Bury this card "
Townsfolk Riot 	Limited	Ltd438	Event																U	"Your opponent's foul deeds are exposed. Even if already Walking, opponent must play a Travel Event or a new Location next Turn or suffer an attack worth 5 points. Allies may defend. Then, Bury this card "
Train (v1)	Limited	Ltd439	Event	Travel by Land																"On a following Turn, play a new Location in the same Region, right-side up on top of your Story Deck. Or, remain on the Train for a Turn to play an Ally card that could be played in this Region. (only 1 Ally per Train card played)."
Triskaidekaphobia 	Limited	Ltd440	Event	Phobia					Yes										R	Fear of the number 13. Lose 1 Sanity point at the beginning of each Turn that the cards in your hand number 13 
Typhoid 	Limited	Ltd441	Event	Epidemic			-1												C	Randomly choose and Bury half (round up) of your opponent's Allies. Any other players whose Investigators are in the same City as target are similary affected 
Waning Moon 	Limited	Ltd442	Event	Night															C	Bury any Day or Night Event in play. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played 
Waxing Moon 	Limited	Ltd443	Event	Night															C	Bury any Day or Night Event in play. Bury this card if any Day or Night Event is played 
Yithian Mental Contact 	Limited	Ltd444	Event				-1		Yes										U	"Your opponent changes his or her mind and Buries the card(s) that were just played or whose orientations were altered, except Adventure cards. Ignore any effects that those card(s) might otherwise have had "
Adventurous Dilettante	Limited	Ltd001	Investigator		"English, French"								12	20	16	13	7	7		"As your Turn one time during a Round, you may Discard up to two cards and replace them with new cards drawn from your Mythos Deck."
Brilliant Egyptian Archaeologist	Limited	Ltd002	Investigator		"Arabic, Greek"								12	20	19	13	5	6		
Capable Graduate Student	Limited	Ltd003	Investigator		English								14	20	15	13	3	5		
Cleric of Fading Faith	Limited	Ltd004	Investigator		"English, Latin"								12	20	14	13	5	5		"As your Turn one time during a Round, you may Discard one card and replace it with a new card drawn from your Mythos Deck."
Controversial French Mystic	Limited	Ltd005	Investigator		French								13	20	6	13	3	4		
Earnest Reporter	Limited	Ltd006	Investigator		English								15	20	11	13	4	5		
Exuberant Boston Flapper	Limited	Ltd007	Investigator		English								15	20	10	13	2	3		
Grizzled Boston Detective	Limited	Ltd008	Investigator		English								15	20	13	13	4	6		
Hardened Chicago Gangster	Limited	Ltd009	Investigator		English								15	20	5	13	5	6		
Haunted French Sculptor	Limited	Ltd010	Investigator		French								14	20	9	13	4	5		
Inquisitive Chinese Intellectual	Limited	Ltd011	Investigator		Chineese								15	20	18	13	4	5		
Mad German Inventor	Limited	Ltd012	Investigator		German								14	20	17	13	3	5		
Morose Veteran of the Great War	Limited	Ltd013	Investigator		English								16	20	7	13	5	7		
Pragmatic Hobo	Limited	Ltd014	Investigator		None								16	20	4			0		"At the beginning of each turn, draw (""beg"") one card from your Mythos Deck. You may not Pass (to try to end the Round). You must play or you must discard one card."
Proud Prussian Submariner	Limited	Ltd015	Investigator		German								15	20	8	13	4	5		
Respected New England Doctor	Limited	Ltd016	Investigator		"English, German"								13	20	20	13	6	6		"As your Turn one time during a Round, you may Discard one card and replace it with a new card drawn from your Mythos Deck."
Staid University Professor	Limited	Ltd017	Investigator		"English, Latin"								13	20	21	13	6	6		"As your Turn one time during a Round, you may Discard one card and replace it with a new card drawn from your Mythos Deck."
The Unfortunate Nephew	Limited	Ltd018	Investigator		English								14	20	12	13	4	4		"As your Turn one time during a Round, you may Discard one card and replace it with a new card drawn from your Mythos Deck."
197 E. Pickman Street 	Limited	Ltd501	Location	"Water, Inside, Artifact, Gate, City, House, "			-1				Lovecraft	Arkham							C	"May use this Gate more than once, but must pay this card's Sanity cost for each subsequent Gate use "
Ammi Pierce's Tottering Cottage 	Limited	Ltd502	Location	"Forest, Outside, Artifact, Country, House, "							Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							C	
Arkham Historical Society 	Limited	Ltd503	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, City, Museum, Society, "			1				Lovecraft	Arkham							C	
Arkham Rare Books & Maps 	Limited	Ltd504	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, Business, City, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							R	
Arkham Sanitarium 	Limited	Ltd505	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside , City, Sanitorium, "			6		Yes		Lovecraft	Arkham							U	"Reveal the top card of your Mythos Deck. If it is a Monster, it attacks immediately. Allies may defend you, then Discard it. Discard any other card drawn. You may remain here for one turn and Bury one Phobia "
Assembly Hall 	Limited	Ltd506	Location	"Water, Inside, Artifact, City, Site, "							Lovecraft	Innsmouth							C	
Asylum for the Deranged 	Limited	Ltd507	Location	"Forest, Inside, Gate, Country, Sanitorium, "			6		Yes		Lovecraft	Greenwood							U	"Reveal the top card of your Mythos Deck. If it is a Monster, it attacks you immediately. Allies may defend you, then Discard it. Discard any other cards drawn. You may remain here for one turn and Bury one Phobia "
Aylesbury 	Limited	Ltd508	Location	"Forest, Outside, Country, Village"			1				Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							C	
Bolton 	Limited	Ltd509	Location	"Forest, Outside, Tome, Gate, Country, Village"			1				Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							C	
Brown University John Hay Library 	Limited	Ltd510	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, City, Library, University, "			1				Lovecraft	Providence							C	All Professors and Students add 1 point to their card value when this card is your current Location 
Chapman Farmhouse 	Limited	Ltd511	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Tome, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							R	
Christchurch Cemetery (Arkham) 	Limited	Ltd512	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Outside, City, "			1				Lovecraft	Arkham							R	Remain here for a Turn and Bury one Phobia 
Christchurch Cemetery (Innsmouth)	Limited	Ltd513	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Outside, Church, City, "							Lovecraft	Innsmouth							R	You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia 
Church of Starry Wisdom 	Limited	Ltd514	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, Gate, Church, City, "			-1				Lovecraft	Providence							U	"May use this Gate more than once when Aldebaran or another star is in play, but must pay this card's Sanity cost for each subsequent Gate use. You may remain here for one turn and Bury one Phobia "
Conanicut Island Private Hospital	Limited	Ltd515	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Country, Sanitorium, "			5		Yes		Lovecraft	Conanicut							U	"Gain 5 Sanity points now, but you must spend next Turn in therapy (playing no cards, and not Passing). You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia "
Crowninshield House 	Limited	Ltd516	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, Gate, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							C	
Esoteric Order of Dagon 	Limited	Ltd517	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, Gate, City, Society, "			-1				Lovecraft	Innsmouth							R	"May use this Gate more than once when any Storm is in play, but must pay this card's Sanity cost for each subsequent Gate use. You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia "
Faith Baptist Church 	Limited	Ltd518	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Inside, Church, City, "							Lovecraft	Innsmouth							C	You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia 
First Baptist Church 	Limited	Ltd519	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Church, City, "			1				Lovecraft	Providence							C	You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia 
Golden Eye Society 	Limited	Ltd520	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Artifact, Gate, City, Society, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							U	
Hangman's Hill 	Limited	Ltd521	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Gate, City, Site, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							R	
Home of Laban Shrewsbury 	Limited	Ltd522	Location	"Water, Inside, Artifact, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							R	
Innsmouth Courier 	Limited	Ltd523	Location	"Water, Inside, City, Press, "							Lovecraft	Innsmouth							C	All Reporters add 1 point to their value when this card is your current Location on your Story Deck 
Marsh Refining Co. 	Limited	Ltd524	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, Gate, Business, City, "							Lovecraft	Innsmouth							U	All Marshes add 1 to their card value when this card is your current Location 
Martense Mansion 	Limited	Ltd525	Location	"Forest, Inside, Artifact, Tome, Gate, Country, House, "			-1				Lovecraft	Catskills							R	All Martense family members (including Martense Kin) add 1 point to the card value when this is your current Location 
Massachusetts State Hospital 	Limited	Ltd526	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Tome, Country, Sanitorium, "			4		Yes		Lovecraft	Danvers							U	"Gain 4 Sanity points, but reveal the top card of your Mythos Deck. Apply any Sanity gain or loss indicated on the card, then Discard it. You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia "
Nahum Gardner Place 	Limited	Ltd527	Location	"Forest, Inside, Artifact, Gate, Country, House, "							Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							U	
North Burial Ground	Limited	Ltd528	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Outside, Gate, Country, "							Lovecraft	Providence							C	
Old Arkham Cemetery	Limited	Ltd529	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, City, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							C	
Peck Valley Cemetery 	Limited	Ltd530	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Outside, Gate, Country, "							Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							R	
Potter's Field 	Limited	Ltd531	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							C	
Robert Blake's Study 	Limited	Ltd532	Location	"Artifact, Gate, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Providence							C	
Sefton Asylum 	Limited	Ltd534	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Tome, Country, Sanitorium, "			5		Yes		Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							U	"Your Electro-Shock Therapy is a success. Set aside this card and shuffle Story Deck. Randomly Discard one Story Deck card, then replace this card. You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia "
South Woods Memorial Cemetery 	Limited	Ltd535	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Outside, City, "							Lovecraft	Innsmouth							C	
St. John's Churchyard 	Limited	Ltd536	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Outside, Church, City, "							Lovecraft	Providence							R	
Tempest Mountain 	Limited	Ltd537	Location	"Forest, Outside, Gate, Country, Site, "							Lovecraft	Catskills							C	
The Arkham Advertiser	Limited	Ltd538	Location	"Water, Inside, City, Press, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							C	All Reporters add 1 point to their card value when this card is your current Location on your Story Deck 
The House on Olney Court	Limited	Ltd539	Location	"Water, Inside, Artifact, Tome, Gate, City, House, "			-1				Lovecraft	Providence							R	
The Lonely House in the Woods	Limited	Ltd540	Location	"Forest, Inside, Tome, Country, House, "							Lovecraft	Miskatonic Valley							R	
The Lowell Street Cafe	Limited	Ltd541	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Business, City, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							C	You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia 
The Marsh Mansion	Limited	Ltd542	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Tome, Gate, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Innsmouth							R	All Marshes add 1 point to their card value when this card is your current Location 
The Shunned House	Limited	Ltd543	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Artifact, Gate, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Providence							R	
The Unnameable House	Limited	Ltd544	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Gate, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Arkham							U	
The Waite House	Limited	Ltd545	Location	"Water, Inside, Artifact, Tome, Gate, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Innsmouth							C	All Waites add 1 to their value when this card is your current Location
Thurston's Tavern 	Limited	Ltd546	Location	"Water, Inside, Business, City, "							Lovecraft	Providence							C	You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia 
Ward Mansion 	Limited	Ltd547	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, City, House, "							Lovecraft	Providence							U	
Colour Out Of Space (v2)	Limited	Ltd701	Monster	Greater Independent		06-Apr	-2	Visible/Invisible		Any									C	" When revealed, decide if Visible (Value 6) or Invisible (Value 4). Remains thus for the remainder of Combat. Half Strength in Direct Sunlight."
Deep One (v2)	Limited	Ltd702	Monster	Lesser Servitor		1				Any									C	"+1 Value if your opponent is at a Water Location. +1 Value if you have Jewelry of the Deep Ones in play. Joins Mother Hydra, Father Dagon, Shoggoths."
Elder Things	Limited	Ltd703	Monster	Lesser Independent		2				Any									R	Bypasses all Monsters except for Shoggoths. +2 Value if you or your opponent is in a Water Location. Never Buried in your Story Deck; discard after Combat. Joins Elder Things.
Father Dagon	Limited	Ltd704	Monster	Greater Servitor		4	-1		Yes	Any									U	"+1 Value if you have Jewelry of the Deep Ones in play. Joins Mother Hydra, Deep Ones, Shoggoths. UNIQUE"
Fire Vampires	Limited	Ltd705	Monster	Lesser Servitor		3	-1	Invisible		Any									C	Invisible during the Day. +1 Value if your opponent is in a Forest Location. Joins Fire Vampires.
Flying Polyp	Limited	Ltd706	Monster	Greater Independent		5	-2			Any									R	+1 Value if there are any Invisible Monsters in opposing Threat. Bury if Direct Sunlight is in play when revealed.
Formless Spawn	Limited	Ltd707	Monster	Lesser Servitor		1				Any									C	+1 Value per each other Formless Spawn in Threat at time that Combat is resolved. Joins Formless Spawn.
Ghasts (v2)	Limited	Ltd708	Monster	Lesser Independent		3	-1			Any									C	Bury if Direct Sunlight is in play when revealed. Joins Ghasts.
Ghatanathoa	Limited	Ltd709	Monster	Great Old One		GOO		"Outside/Country/Gate, Drought"		Any									U	 Each Investigator Flips face down one random Ally at the start of each Turn. Investigators may not gain Sanity.
Ghoul (v1)	Limited	Ltd710	Monster	Lesser Independent		2				Any									C	+1 Value if opponent is in a Cemetery Location. Joins Ghouls.
Giant Albino Penguins	Limited	Ltd711	Monster	Lesser Independent		0	?			Any									C	"Choose Sanity Loss when playing this card, from 0 to -2 points. Joins with all Monsters."
Gnoph Keh	Limited	Ltd712	Monster	Greater Independent		5	-2		Yes	Any									R	Randomly choose and Bury one Defending Ally when Threat is revealed. UNIQUE
Goody Fowler's Ghost	Limited	Ltd713	Monster	Living Dead		3	-1	Invisible	Yes	Any									C	Invisible. Bypasser. Joins Living Dead. UNIQUE
Ithaqua	Limited	Ltd714	Monster	Great Old One		GOO		"Storm, Waning Moon"		Any									C	 Investigator loses 1 Sanity point when he plays a Travel card or alters a Location card's orientation. Investigators may not gain Sanity.
Martense Kin	Limited	Ltd715	Monster	Lesser Independent		2				Any									C	Add 2 points to the value of this card if your Investigator is in any Catskills Location or if any Night card is in play. Joins other Martense Kin
Mi-Go (v1)	Limited	Ltd716	Monster	Lesser Independent		2				Any									C	Each Mi-Go surviving to affect your opponent's Allies or Investigator also steals one chosen Artifact. Your opponent must Bury the card in his or her Story Deck. Joins Mi-Go
Mother Hydra	Limited	Ltd717	Monster	Greater Servitor		3	-1		Yes	Any									U	"Add one to the value of this card if your Investigator has the Jewelry of the Deep Ones. Joins Father Dagon, Deep Ones and Shoggoths"
Nightgaunts (v1)	Limited	Ltd718	Monster	Lesser Servitor		3	-1			Any									C	Each Nightgaunt surviving to affect your opponent's Allies or Investigator also carries off one random defending Ally. Discard such Allies. Joins other Nightgaunts
Nyarlathotep	Limited	Ltd719	Monster	Outer God		OG		"Outside/Gate Location, New Moon"		Any									R	Spells no longer cost Sanity points to cast while this card is in play. No Investigator may gain Sanity
Pack of Rat Things	Limited	Ltd720	Monster	Lesser Servitor		2				Any									C	Add 1 point to the value of this card if your opponent is in any Inside Location. Joins other Rat Things
Rhan Tegoth	Limited	Ltd721	Monster	Great Old One		GOO		"Forest/Cemetary Location, Waxing Moon"		Any									C	"No Allies are Buried or Discarded while this card is in play. Instead, they become Living Dead. Place two pennies on each Living Dead card. No Investigator may gain Sanity"
Serpent People (v1)	Limited	Ltd722	Monster	Lesser Independent		3	-1			Any									C	"Joins other Serpent People, and with Weapons"
Shantaks (v1)	Limited	Ltd723	Monster	Lesser Servitor		4	-1			Any									C	"Card value is 2 if Nightgaunts are part of your opponent's Threat. If Controlled, use Shantak as a Travel Card (Air or Water) to any Location including Space, except Underground"
Shoggoth	Limited	Ltd724	Monster	Lesser Servitor		6	-2		Yes	Any									U	"Add 2 points to the value of this card if your opponent's Threat includes Elder Things. Joins Deep Ones, Father Dagon & Mother Hydra"
Skeletons	Limited	Ltd725	Monster	Living Dead		1				Any									C	"Skeletons Bypass Combat with all cards in your opponent's Threat. Add 1 point to their value at Night, or if either you or your opponent is in a Cemetery. Joins other Living Dead"
Vampire	Limited	Ltd726	Monster	Living Dead		3	-1	Invisible 		Any									U	Add 1 to the value of this card at Night. Discard this card if Direct Sunlight is in play when it is revealed. Joins other Living Dead
Zombies (v1)	Limited	Ltd727	Monster	Living Dead		1		 		Any									C	"Bury if revealed when Dawn of a New Day is in play. Add 1 to the value of this card at Night, or if either you or opponent is in a Cemetery. Instead of Burying it, begin the next Round with one Zombie card in your Threat if Allies were lost in Combat. Joins other Living Dead"
Barrier of Naach-Tith	Limited	Ltd801	Spell	Water			-1												C	Reduce the value of Lesser or Greater Independent Monsters in target Threat by 2 points per card
Black Binding	Limited	Ltd802	Spell	Folk			-1												U	Target Ally must participate in any Combat this Round
Chant of Thoth	Limited	Ltd803	Spell	Folk			-1												U	Immediately Discard up to four cards and replace them with an equal number of new cards drawn from your Mythos Deck
Circles of Thaol	Limited	Ltd804	Spell	Water			-1												C	"Summon or Control a Lesser Independent Monster. If used while the Star Stone of Mnar is in play, you may summon or Control a Greater Independent as well"
Cloud Memory	Limited	Ltd805	Spell	Cthulhu			-1												C	Bury all Phobias affecting your Investigator
Curse of the Rat-Thing	Limited	Ltd806	Spell	Folk			-1												C	"Your opponent's Investigator is now also affected by all Phobias he or she has put in play, for the remainder of the Round"
Hands of Colubra	Limited	Ltd807	Spell	Folk			-1												C	Increase the value of one Ally by 2 points for the remainder of this Round
Keeness of Two Alike	Limited	Ltd808	Spell	Folk			-1												R	"Cast this spell upon an Ally in your Hand. Ally may be immediately played, even during Combat, but you must be legally able to play that Ally card in your current Region"
Nyhargo Dirge	Limited	Ltd809	Spell	Water			-1												C	ury one Living Dead Monster or Ally in opponent's Threat
Pipes of Madness	Limited	Ltd810	Spell	Folk			-1												U	During the Day; Bury opponent's 1 point Ally. At Night Bury opponent's Ally of up to 2 points. During the Full Moon Bury opponent's Ally of up to 3 points
Shrivelling	Limited	Ltd811	Spell	Water			-2												C	"Target Ally weakens and loses 2 points of value ta a 1 point minimum, until the end of Combat. Bury any Artifact held by that Ally"
Sign of Eibon	Limited	Ltd812	Spell	Folk			-2												C	Bury one random Monster card from one player's Threat
Sign of Kish	Limited	Ltd813	Spell	Water			-1												C	Reduce the attack of each Lesser Servitor in all Threats attacking your Investigator by 2 points
Voorish Sign	Limited	Ltd814	Spell	Folk			-1												R	"After casting, you may immediately transfer one or more Spells from one Tome to another, and from or to any Allies who can know a Spell. Spell icons for Tomes and Spells must match. Spells can not be transferred from or to your hand"
Wave of Oblivion	Limited	Ltd815	Spell	Water			-2												R	"Take the top card of your opponent's Story Deck and Discard it. If card revealed is not a Location, bury it. Repeat until a Location card is revealed. Ignore Sanity gain/loss; may use Gate"
Wrack	Limited	Ltd816	Spell	Folk			-1												C	Flip one Ally card face down
Book of Dzyan (English)	Limited	Ltd901	Tome	Water	English	1	-1												C	Can also find one Yellow Sign Spell in this Tome if Aldebaran Moves in the Sky is in play
Call of Cthulhu	Limited	Ltd902	Tome	Folk	English	1	-1												C	"""Re-roll your Investigator. As your turn and while a Waning Moon is in play, Bury this card (plus any spell) and exchange your Investigator Card for another. The Education value on the new card may not be the same as that of another Investigator already in play. Current Sanity points do not change"
Cthaat Aquadingen	Limited	Ltd903	Tome	Water	German	3	-2												R	"While this Tome is in play, increase the total value of your Threat by 1 point if Deep Ones, Father Dagon, or Mother Hydra are part of your Threat"
Cultes Des Goules	Limited	Ltd904	Tome	"Folk, Skull"	French	2	-2												C	"While this Tome is in play, increase the total value of your Threat by 1 point if any Living Dead are a part of it"
King in Yellow (English)	Limited	Ltd905	Tome	Folk	English	1	-1												C	
King in Yellow (French)	Limited	Ltd906	Tome	"Yellow Sign, Water"	French	2	-2												R	
Nameless Cults Bridewell Ed	Limited	Ltd907	Tome	Folk	English	2	-1												C	
Necronomicon Dee Ed.	Limited	Ltd908	Tome	"Cthulhu, Eye"	English	1	-1												C	
Ponape Scripture Hoag Ms	Limited	Ltd909	Tome	"Folk, Water"	English	1	-1												C	
Seven Cryptical Books of H'san (English)	Limited	Ltd910	Tome	"Folk, Yellow Sign"	English	1	-1												U	
Unaussprechlichen Kulten	Limited	Ltd911	Tome	"Folk, Skull"	German	3	-2												C	"While this Tome is in play and if your Threat includes Living Dead, increase the value of your Threat by one"
