Name	Set	Image	Type	Attributes	       Languages	Value	Sanity	Summon	Unique	Dimension	Past	Region	City	Dimension	Beginning Sanity	Max Sanity	Education	Hand Size	Minuimum	Maximum	Text
A Good Day In A Bad City	Movieland	Movie101	Adventure	Movie Experience		8	3														"You seek the autograph of your favorite AUTHOR at a BUSINESS where the author is releasing a new book.  On the way, MRS. SHAND takes you to SIX NEW YORK GATE LOCATIONS but she won't say why.  A PHOBIA sets in as you begin to see an unmistakable BAD AURA forming around her.  A SHADOW emerges from the darkness, into the DAY light, and makes your soul reel with panic.  In an act of utter desperation, you flee the Bradford by climbing the FIRE ESCAPE but end up paralyzed with fear and unable to move as your brain swells with insanity."
A Narrow Escape	Movieland	Movie102	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		6	2														"Dropping the contents of your PURSE to CREATE CONFUSION, you hop in THE ELEVATOR of the Bradford to evade the covenists hot on your trail. You manage to lose them by going to THREE NON-GATE LOCATIONS before running into the very person who can save you: MITCH McALISTER. He takes you on his personal sea-plane and flies far away from all the commotion."
A Penny Saved...	Movieland	Movie103	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		10	4														"While at a BUSINESS you refer to as the pawn shop, you see MR. SHAND and he is there pawning his MASONIC BAROMETER. He begs you to loan him money and offers you a copy of LUTHER. As you put it in your PURSE, he takes some PAIN BE GONE to help with his depression over losing his favorite items. He says to you that he will jump from THE ROOF of the Bradford if he loses his precious things."
A Promising Start	Movieland	Movie104	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		5	1														You meet ROSEMARY WOODHOUSE AND GUY WOODHOUSE at their housewarming party at APT 7-E.  THey have lots of friends and you meet ONE FEMALE STEADFAST ALLY.  She shows you how she survives life in the big city: she carries a WEAPON in her purse.
A Thorough Investigation	Movieland	Movie105	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		12	4														"After a MOVIE EXPERIENCE, you team up with OFFICER NETTLER and together, you research the goings-on of the Bradford. FOUR TOMES provide necessary details that you need to locate the FOUR COVENISTS that are out to destroy the world. Before long, THERESA GENOFRIO finds herself in a sticky situation while trying to cenverly gather incriminating data on the Castevet's and plummets to her death from the window of APT 7-D. Seeking out her relatives, you find that she had a brother in the navy named PVT. GERALD GENOFRIO, who coincidentally is a.w/o l. and presumed to be hiding at TCH-KULOO'S IGLOO."
Anyone For Tanis	Movieland	Movie106	Adventure	Movie Experience		7	2														"Despite reason and fate, you become friends with FOUR COVENISTS.  Your best friend, the AUTHOR, attempts to warn you of their evil nature, but his DOCTOR tells you he is in a coma.  While you chat on the phone, the smell of TANIS ROOT surrounds you as RABID MICE (at least one in your Story Deck) invade your apartment.  You tell the doctor of the MOUSE BITE which you believe gave you RABIES."
Become The Foresaken	Movieland	Movie107	Adventure	Movie Experience		8	3														"You are beginning to think that evil forces are out to get you.  You suffer more and more from PARANOIA because of the strange noises you hear coming from APT 7-D.  Exhausted and waiting, you fall fast asleep while listening to the chanting next door.  You dream of a FORBIDDEN STAIRCASE, and THE POPE leads you to the safety of a TRAVEL BY SEA event."
Born & Bread To Be A Dreamer	Movieland	Movie108	Adventure	Movie Experience		7	1														"PLAY THIS ADVENTURE ONLY IF YOU ARE CURRENTLY IN THE DREAMLANDS.      You are piecing it all together because you can't remember much and you woke up in THE BEDROOM OF APT. 7-E IN THE DREAMLANDS with a screaming hangover. While at a PARTY!, you met THREE ALLIES FEATURING THE DREAMER ATTRIBUTE. Together, you shared WINE OF PNOTH and VODKA BLUSH until morning came. How you got from the Bradford to the dreamlands is still a mystery, and you'll probably never know exactly what was in that bitter wine."
Decipher A Strange Reality	Movieland	Movie109	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		8	2														"Shortly after finding MRS. GARDENIA'S DIARY, your good friend EDWARD 'HUTCH' HUTCHINS (buried in your story deck) tells you to meet him at the TIME-LIFE BUILDING to tell you something important about the diary and it's author.  Unfortunately, while travelling to TWO DREAMLANDS LOCATIONS, Hutch becomes a victim of a CHANT OF ILL DOING and dies."
Deep Into The Subplot	Movieland	Movie110	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		11	3														"While searching for a place to live, you come across the LOBBY OF THE BRADFORD one day and the manager shows you TWO OTHER BRADFORD LOCATIONS.  Your friend Hutch tells your of the hideous mob that attacked and killed ADRIAN MERCATO in that very lobby, in the 1890's.  You dream of the place called ST-BERNADETTE SCHOOL FOR GIRLS and encounter TWO NUNS who speak of terrible things that the TRENCH SISTERS did in the Bradford."
Discover An Evolutionary Blunder	Movieland	Movie111	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		10	3														"Something is amiss at GUY WOODHOUSES' HOUSE. It seems that MRS.TEMPLETON has been doing the 'nasty' with MR. WANG'S WANG. In some sort of ritual, the DEMONIC INSEMINATION took place and gave rise to one of history's most horrible evolutionary blunders. To try and save the world from the hideous thing begat by those covenists, you travel to an OMAHA LOCATION where you are given TWO TOMES THAT COST SANITY TO FIND."
Journey Of All Journeys	Movieland	Movie112	Adventure	Quest		12	4														"At ST-VINCENT'S HOSPITAL you are poked and prodded until well enough to complain and be sent to THE OFFICE OF DR. HILL.  There, you are hypnotized, and you are made to remember what led up to your mental collapse.  It seems that a PVT. GERALD GENOFRIO found you snooping arround the army base one NIGHT, and caught you fumbling with the controls of some indescribable machine hidden in one of the hangars.  He apparently tried to arrest you but was thrown, along with you, into the vast machine.  From there you both travelled to TWO DREAMLANDS LOCATIONS and TWO NEW AEON LOCATIONS where you meet a NEW AEON ALLY.  Then you TRAVEL BY SEA in hopes of getting home."
Knee Depp In Death	Movieland	Movie113	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		5	2														"Living in the big city leads to lots of friendships and lots of death.  Accumulate TEN POINTS WORTH OF ALLIES IN YOUR STORY DECK.  (printed value on card only).  Since there is such an accumulation of bodies, unprepared for the stench of death, a terrible bout of SEPLOPHOBIA sets in."
Moving Day	Movieland	Movie114	Adventure	Movie Experience		7	2														"While at EDWARD HUTCHINS' APT. you ask him for a reference so that you can move to a new apartment.  He agrees and the DAY is moving day.  The CAB driver takes you to THE BRADFORD FRONT SIDEWALK where he drops you and your luggage.  TWO STEADFAST ALLIES who call themselves movers, struggle to get the KING SIZE MATRESS through the doorway."
One Of The Coven	Movieland	Movie115	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		11	4														"After being very hesitant, GUY WOODHOUSE meets ROMAN AND MINNIE CASTEVET, his new neighbors.  He discovers that TANIS ROOT and BABY'S BLOOD & FLESH can be used to further his career.  Before becoming a member of the coven, he must still meet a COVENIST FROM THE PAST and a TOME FROM THE DREAMLANDS."
Sent Through Time And Hell	Movieland	Movie116	Adventure	Quest		8	3														"All your life you were told you are a DREAMER, but you rather fancy yourself more of an adventurer.  Becoming more familiar with covenists in your building, you spend most of your time talking in THE STUDY OF APT 7-D.  You learn of TWO ARTIFACTS (NOT WEAPONS) that allow the folding of space-time.  With great haste, you travel back in history and meet a PAST ALLY and show that person THREE MOVIELAND LOCATIONS.  You then want to see how things used to be and travel through time to TWO WAKING WORLD LOCATIONS.  Ah, the good ol' days..."
Terror In The Gulf	Movieland	Movie117	Adventure	Quest		9	3														"You and PVT. GERALD GENOFRIO have been called in to fight in the Gulf War.  Beginning your training (ONE MOVIELAND EVENT) at the U.S. NAVAL INSTALLATION, you proceed to THREE MIDDLE EAST LOCATIONS.  As you become more and more familiar with the arid country, you meet FOUR ARABIC SPEAKING ALLIES who tell you not to go out adventuring unless it is DAY.  You then try to evade the action and TRAVEL BY SEA until the battle subsides."
The Haunted Appartment	Movieland	Movie118	Adventure	Mythos Experience		3	0		Unique												"Find your way to an APARTMENT where a MONSTER devours your favorite STEADFAST ALLY.  Your CORRUPT ALLY says that it''s really no problem, and that all you must do to survive is go to an OUTSIDE location and read a TOME."
The Muse	Movieland	Movie119	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		9	3														"When opened and first read, NOBODY LOVES AN ALBATROS seems like a mediocre play by some standards, but on the overall, proves to cause some sanity loss to the reader.  The copy you have was given to you one morning when you met AGYRON STAVROPOLOUS in the park.  He was walking along with his WALKING STICK and a BAD AURA was all around him.  He proved to be some use when he helped discover THREE NON-GATE LOCATIONS in which to hide from the VORTEX OF PAIN."
The Pursuit Of Unhappiness	Movieland	Movie120	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		18	6														You have found yourself UNDERGROUND and your're losing sanity fast.  You have FOUR SPELLS with EITHER THE SKULL OR EYE ICONS.  One of you THREE STEADFAST ALLIES screams as THE DEVIL (MUST BE IN PLAY) appears and grants you knowledge beyond belief.  Mr. Wang becomes more and more nervous and decides to be a hero but is horribly killed by the Devil.  In his remains you find MR. WANGS' CAMERA and decide to see what develops from the film.  The photos seem to be a trip Mr. Wang took some time ago.  He went to THREE MOVIELAND REGIONS and had a very scary picture of ADRIAN MERCATO holding ROSEMARY'S BABY in his arms.
The Unfortunate Eskimo	Movieland	Movie121	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		7	2														"Alaska is a nice place to be, when you know people like AH-TOOKI.  He takes you to the GLACIER WATER REFLECTING POOL at NIGHT to see the AURORA BOREALIS in full effect.  You gasp as you witness an UNIMAGINABLE APPARITION (TWO OF THEM BURIED IN YOUR STORY DECK).  Then you are taken to MOOSE HEAD LODGE to shake it off.  That's where you bump into TILIK-OUK-KOOK, the bouncer, who throws you out into the snow."
The Year One	Movieland	Movie122	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		9	3														"In order to succeed with the plan to take over the world, ROMAN AND MINNIE CASTEVET attempt to unleash TWO MONSTERS OF DIFFERENT SUBTYPES on the world with the help of TWO OTHER COVENISTS.  They manage to get an unsuspecting female victim to wear the TANIS ROOT charm which helps ensure the evil spawn known as ROSEMARY'S BABY."
Uncover An Unspeakable Plot	Movieland	Movie123	Adventure	Heroic Adventure		9	3														"TWO CORRUPT ALLIES have been going around the big city to as least FOUR CITY LOCATIONS.  They seem to carry around at least TWO TOMES that you can see, but there might be more.  After felling like something is terribly wrong, you use a PAY PHONE to call anyone who will listen.  You eventually end up at THE OFFICE OF DR. HILL that same DAY and tell him all the details you know about this unspeakable plot against you."
Voyage To The Beyond	Movieland	Movie124	Adventure	Quest		9	3														"While rotting in THE MENTAL HOSPITAL for days on end, the doctors give you some reading materials to pass the time.  You fall fast asleep and begin to dream of THREE TRAVEL EVENTS FROM DIFFERENT DIMENSIONS that take you to THREE REGIONS.  You happen accross TWO ALLIES THAT ARE NOT 'ANY CITY' or 'NEW YORK'.  THey decide to travel with you and begin searching for strange and unusual things.  The only thing found, however, is an ABOMINATION that topples your already fragile sanity."
Your Big Break	Movieland	Movie125	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		8	2														"Day after day, you suffer KAKORRHAPHIOPHOBIA, so you ask ROMAN CASTEVET for tips on becoming a success.  After he casts TWO FOLK ICON SPELLS, Roman tells you to stay by the phone and wait while he investigates TWO GATE LOCATIONS.  All of a sudden, the phone rings and it's your agent.  He tells you to TRAVEL BY YAMAHA to his office and sign some new movie deal.  I GOT THE PART! you exclaim."
Adrian Mercato	Movieland	Movie201	Ally	"Corrupt Cultist, Living Dead"	English & Glyphs	2	-2		Unique	Movieland	Past										"Can know two spells.  Add one to his value if you have Tanis Root in play.  If you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play, you may bury one of you Artifacts to bury opponent's Ally."
Agyron Stavropolous	Movieland	Movie202	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Cultist"	"Arabic, English & Greek"	2	1		Unique	Movieland		Any	Any City								You must have three Covenists in play to play this card.  Bury this card to play from your hand a Greater Independent Monster as an Ally.  It cannot bear Weapons.
Ah-Tooki	Movieland	Movie203	Ally	Steadfast Dog-Musher	English & Inuit	1	0			Movieland		Alaska	Fairbanks								"While this card is in play, your current Alaska location features the Site attribute."
Almost Familiar Passengers	Movieland	Movie204	Ally	Steadfast Passengers	"English, Italian & French"	4	0			Dreamlands		Any	Any Travel By Sea								These travelers have seen places that most people only dream about.
Captain Of The 40' Yacht	Movieland	Movie205	Ally	Steadfast Dreamer & Seaman	Greek & Italian	2	0		Unique	Dreamlands		Mediterranian	Italy								"When travelling by sea, add two to the value of this card and raise all your other Steadfast Defending Allies by one point per card"
Conductor of the Girls Choir	Movieland	Movie206	Ally	Steadfast Nun	English	1	0			Dreamlands		The East	Omaha								Can know any one 'Chant' Spell.  Bury spell in your story deck when cast.  Joins other Nuns.
Dr. Abraham Sapirstein	Movieland	Movie207	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Doctor"	English	1	-1			Movieland		New York	New York								Add one to the value of this card if you have Tanis Root in play.  Joins Covenists.
Dr. Hill	Movieland	Movie208	Ally	Steadfast Doctor	English	1	0			Movieland		New York	New York								"""I don't believe in Withcraft but there are plenty of maniacs and crazy people in this city"" - Dr. Hill"
Dr. Shand	Movieland	Movie209	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Doctor & Artist"	English	1	-1		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								Add two if you have the Tanis Root in play.  Joins other Covenists.  This is the artist who make the chain which adorns the tanis charm.
Edward 'Hutch' Hutchinson	Movieland	Movie210	Ally	"Steadfast Author, Scholar, Dreamer"	English & Latin	1	0			Movieland		New York	New York								"THIS CARD MAY BE PLAYED IN MOVIELAND OR IN THE DREAMLANDS.  Author of litterature for young boys, 'Hutch' has secret knowledge of the Bradford's checkered past."
Guy Woodhouse	Movieland	Movie211	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Actor"	English 	2	0		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								Bury Guy Woodhouse to cause one opponent of your choice to bury a random Tome.  Joins Rosemary Woodhouse
Laure-Louise	Movieland	Movie212	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Cultist"	English	2	-1			Movieland		New York	New York								Add one to the value of this card if you have Tanis Root in play.  Joins Covenists.
Minnie Castevet	Movieland	Movie213	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Cultist & Wife"	English	1	0			Movieland		New York	New York								Add one to the value of this card if you have Tanis Root in play.  Joins other Covenists.  Wife to Roman Castevet.
Mitch McAlister	Movieland	Movie214	Ally	Corrupt Bush Pilot	English	1	-1			Movieland		Any 	Any Water								"Bury this card to Travel By Air to an new location in a new region featuring the water attribute, right side up on top of your story deck, including islands.  ""Don't quite know what he looks like, he won't come out of the plane"" - Pvt. Gerald Genofrio"
Mr. Wang	Movieland	Movie215	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Cultist  "	Japanese & English	2	1		Unique	Movieland		Any	Any City								You must have three Covenists in play to play this card.  Bury this card to play from your hand a Greater Servitor Monster as an Ally.  It cannot bear Weapons.
Mrs. Gardenia	Movieland	Movie216	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Cultist, Living Dead & Botanist"	English	1	-1			Movieland	Past	New York	New York Past								Add 1 to the value of this card if you have Tanis Root in play.  Can know any one spell.  Bury spell after it is cast.  Joins other covenists
Mrs. Shand	Movieland	Movie217	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Wife"	English	1	0		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York  								Joins with Dr. Shand.  Add two when you have Tanis Root in play.  Bury this card to play from your hand a Lesser Servitor as an Ally.  It cannot bear Weapons.
Mrs. Templeton	Movieland	Movie218	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Cultist"	English	1	-1		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York  								Joins with Covenists.  Add one when you have Tanis Root in play.  Bury this card to play from your hand a Lesser Independent Monster as an Ally.  It may bear weapons.
Office Nettler	Movieland	Movie219	Ally	Steadfast Cop	English	3	0		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								To play this card you must not have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play.  You may not play Baby's Blood & Flesh while this in play.  Bury this card to cause one opponent to draw four less cards at the beginning of the next round.
Private Gerald Genofrio	Movieland	Movie220	Ally	Corrupt Seaman	English	1	0		Unique	Movieland		Alaska	Sitka								"Lower your Minimum by two cards and raise your Maximum by two cards.  Cummulative with cards that raise or lower you Maximum and Minimum.  ""He should be easy to find"" - Roman Castevet"
Roman Castevet	Movieland	Movie221	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Cultist"	"English, Chinese, Arabic, English & Latin"	1	-1		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								"Add 1 to the value of this card if you have Tanis Root in play.  If you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play, you may bury one of your Artifacts to bury opponent's ally.  Joins Covenists."
Roman Polanksi	Movieland	Movie222	Ally	Steadfast Director	English & French	1	0			Movieland		New York	New York								"THIS CARD MAY BE PLAYED IN MOVIELAND OR THE DREAMLANS.  ""Whenever I get happy, I always have a terrible feeling."" - Roman Polanski"
Rosemary Woodhouse	Movieland	Movie223	Ally	Steadfast Dreamer & Wife	English	1	0			Movieland		New York	New York								Add 1 to the value of this card if you have 'Hutch' in play.  This card can be played in Movieland or in the Dreamlands.  Joins Guy Woodhouse.
Sister Hope	Movieland	Movie224	Ally	Steadfast Nun	English	1	1			Dreamlands		The East	Omaha								Joins other Nuns
Sister Veronica	Movieland	Movie225	Ally	Corrupt Nun	English & Latin	1	-1			Dreamlands		The East	Omaha								Bury this card to cause opponent to dicard a card at random from their hand.  Joins other Nuns.
Stella Lauden	Movieland	Movie226	Ally	Corrupt Author	English	1	0			Movieland		New York	New York								"Author of ""Withcraft, Book of Ceremonial Magic"""
Tch-Kuloo	Movieland	Movie227	Ally	Corrupt Storyteller	English & Inuit	2	-1			Movieland		Alaska	Nome								Can know any one spell.  Bury spell after casting.  Bury this card to bury a Great Old One or Outer God.
The Pope	Movieland	Movie228	Ally	Corrupt Cultist & Dreamer	All Languages	1	0		Unique	Dreamlands		Any	Any Church								"Flip this card to use attributes from one opponent's current location.  Counts as a Priest.  ""No Pope ever visits a city where the newspapers are on stike."" - Roman Castevet"
Theresa Genofrio	Movieland	Movie229	Ally	Steadfast Drug Addict	English 	1	0			Movieland		New York	New York  								"Taken in by the Castevets, she is rehabilitated and made to wear a powerful smelling Tanis Root charm.  ""I knew she wouldn't be open minded"" - Minnie Castevet"
Tilik-Ouk-Kook	Movieland	Movie230	Ally	Corrupt Bouncer	English & Inuit	3	0			Movieland		Alaska	Juneau								Add one to this card while at any Lodge or Tavern.  Raises all your other defending allies by one point per card.  Cumulative with other allies' command ability.
Trench Sisters	Movieland	Movie231	Ally	"Covenist, Corrupt Cultist, Living Dead"	English & Glyphs	2	-2		Unique	Movieland	Past	New York	New York Past								"Add two to the value of this card when you have Tanis Root in play.  Can know any one spell.  Bury spell after it is cast.  While Baby's Blood and Flesh in play, can know two spells instead."
Baby's Blood & Flesh	Movieland	Movie301	Artifact				-2		Unique	Movieland											"""They killed and ate several young children, including a niece."" - Edward 'Hutch' Hutchison"
Blunt Object	Movieland	Movie302	Artifact	Weapon		1	0														"Joins with Allies.  In a desperate attempt to evade her captors, Rosemary uses a telephone as an effective weapon."
Carving Knife	Movieland	Movie303	Artifact	Weapon		2	0														"""It slices, it dices!"" - Door-to-door salesman"
Marijuana	Movieland	Movie304	Artifact		Affects Travel Between Dimensions		1														Bury this card to play a Dreamlands Travel card right-side-up on top of your story deck regardless of your current dimension and travel restrictions.
Masonic Barometer	Movieland	Movie305	Artifact				-1		Unique	Dreamlands											Bury this card to bury a Storm event in play.  OR  Bury this card to bury a Star event in play.
Mr. Wang's Camera	Movieland	Movie306	Artifact				-1		Unique	Movieland											Flip this card to play an Ally from your hand that you or an opponent already has in play.  Regardless of location or attribute requirements.  Other restrictions still apply.
Purse	Movieland	Movie307	Artifact						Unique	Movieland											"Discard this card and play an artifact from your hand that would be legal to play at any location in your Story Deck, including Exotic."
Scrabble	Movieland	Movie308	Artifact		Affects Your Opponent's Investigator					Movieland											Bury this card to cause one chosen opponent to re-roll their investigator.  That player may play a Travel Event or a new location to not play Scrabble.
Syringe	Movieland	Movie309	Artifact	Weapon		1	1														"""It's nothing but a mild sedative to calm you down."" - Dr. Abraham Sapirstein, MD"
Tanis Root	Movieland	Movie310	Artifact	Enchanted Weapon	Affects Your Allies		-1			Movieland											"Also known as Devil's Pepper, Tanis Root is actually a fungus, or some type of mold.  It is given as a gift in the form of a lucky charm for an unsuspecting victim to wear.  The charm is rumoured to be over 300 years old."
Vodka Blush	Movieland	Movie311	Artifact							Movieland											"While this card is in play, all of your Dreamers add one to their value."
Walking Stick	Movieland	Movie312	Artifact						Unique	Movieland											"This card has a constant effect.  Raise your investigator's Education by two points, to a maximum of twenty one."
40' Yacht	Movieland	Movie401	Event	"Artifact, Water, Outside"	Travel By Sea					Dreamlands											"On a following turn, play a new location featuring water attribute either in the same region or a different region, right-side-up on top of your Story Deck.  This card may only be played if your are currently at a water location."
Aurora Borealis	Movieland	Movie402	Event				1			Movieland											"Frozen In Time.  It must currently be Night to play this.  When any player plays an adventure card, that player may keep one random Story Deck card in their new Story Deck, not cummulative with other Aurora Borealis in play.  Bury this during the day."
Cab	Movieland	Movie403	Event	Inside	Travel By Land					Movieland											"You may remain in the Cab or, immediately play a new location in the same region right-side-up on top of your Story Deck.  During combat, if this is your current location, reduce one chosen directed threat by one point per card."
Coincidence	Movieland	Movie404	Event	Threat Event	Affects your current location		-1		Unique	Movieland											You are considered to be at the same location as opponent to which this threat is directed.  Bury this card when revealed if opponent is at an Exotic location or in a different dimension than your own.
Heat Wave	Movieland	Movie405	Event	Day																	All investigators in the city must flip over all Allies that do not speak Arabic.  All investigators in the city who do not speak Arabic must pay one sanity when heat wave is played.
Hidden Door	Movieland	Movie406	Event							Movieland											"Immediately play a location from your Story Deck as if walking.  Must walk to same dimension.  When that location becomes your current location, ignore sanity gain or loss, may use gate."
I Got The Part!	Movieland	Movie407	Event	Star					Unique	Movieland											Star.  Play only if you have a Covenist in play.  This event counts as one requirement towards an adventure.  Bury this event if any player plays an adventure.  Discard this event when used.  * Errata: This is a Star event
Kakorrhaphiphobia	Movieland	Movie408	Event	Phobia																	"Fear of failure.  Lose one sanity at the beginning of each turn that your opponent has more adventure points than you.  If the investigator who played this card does not have any completed adventures, bury this card."
King Size Matress	Movieland	Movie409	Event	"Water, Outside"	Travel By Sea					Dreamlands											"On a following turn, walk to a location featuring water attribute either in the same region or a different region.  If you have a Dreamer in play, you may walk to a different dimension, including Exotic.  Remain here to bury a Phobia."
Mob Attack!	Movieland	Movie410	Event				-1			Movieland											"Cause one opponent to suffer a three point attack.  If opponent has Baby's Blood & Flesh in play, that opponent suffers a five point attack instead.  Allies may defend."
Mouse Bite	Movieland	Movie411	Event		Poison		-1			Movieland											"Cause one opponent to bury a random Ally.  If you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play, you may cause opponent to discard an Ally of your choice instead."
Nyctophobia	Movieland	Movie412	Event	Phobia					Unique												Fear of Night.  Lose one sanity if it is currently Night and at the beginning of each turn that it is Night.
Oh No! The Carpet!	Movieland	Movie413	Event							Movieland											"Play this card only if opponent has Roman Castevet in play and you have Minnie Castevet in play.  That opponent must remain doing nothing and not pass as their next turn.  This does not cancel a pass.  ""He's So Clumsy!"" - Minnie Castevet"
Pain Be Gone	Movieland	Movie414	Event				2			Movieland											Play this card only if you have an unflipped Doctor in play along side your investigator.
Paranoia	Movieland	Movie415	Event	Phobia																	Fear of plots against you.  Lose one sanity if any opponent has an Artifact in play with a red sanity pentagram and each time any opponent plays an Artifact that has a red sanity pentagram.
Party!	Movieland	Movie416	Event				-1														"Draw two cards from the top of your Mythos Deck.  If they are not allies from your current dimension, they are discarded.  If they are allies from your current dimension, they are immediately put into play along side your investigator regardless of location restrictions.  Other restrictions still apply."
Pharmacophobia	Movieland	Movie417	Event	Phobia																	Fear of being drugged.  Lose one sanity at the beginning of each turn that you control a Corrupt Ally.
Rabies	Movieland	Movie418	Event	Epidemic																	Flip all chosen opponent's Allies.  Other opponent's Allies in the same subregion are also flipped.
Seplophobia	Movieland	Movie419	Event	Phobia						Movieland											Fear of decaying matter.  Lose one sanity if you are currently in a cemetary and at the beginning of each turn that you are in a cemetary.
The Elevator Of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie420	Event	Inside	Travel By Elevator					Movieland											"You must be at the Bradford to play this card.  Unless you are the Neglected Elevator Operator, lose one sanity at the beginning of each turn that you are here.  Opponents may not play Townsfolk Riot, Mob Attack or Terrorist Strike on you while you are in the Elevator."
The Fire-Escape	Movieland	Movie421	Event	Outside	Travel By Fire-Escape					Movieland											"You must be at the Bradford to play this card.  Lose one Sanity at the beginning of each turn that you are on The Fire-Escape.  On a following turn, return to any Bradford location in your Story Deck or play a new Bradford location."
The Tender Of The 40' Yacht	Movieland	Movie422	Event	"Water, Outside"	Travel By Sea																"On a following turn, play a new location featuring the water attribute, rith-side-up on top of your Story Deck.  If you have a Dreamer in play, you may play a Travel By Sea from any dimension."
Unspeakable Darkness	Movieland	Movie423	Event	Night						Movieland											Bury any Day or Night card in play.  It is now Night.
Very Weird Dream	Movieland	Movie424	Event		Travel By Astral Projection																"May not be played in the Dreamlands.  On a following turn, play a new location featuring the Dreamlands icon (not Exotic), right-side-up on top of your Story Deck."
Wiccaphobia	Movieland	Movie425	Event	Phobia																	"Fear of witchcraft.  Lose one sanity whenever any player, including you, casts a spell.  Sanity loss occurs at the moment that each spell is cast."
Yamaha Motorcycle	Movieland	Movie426	Event		Travel By Yamaha					Movieland											"Immediately play a new location in the same region, right-side-up on top of your Story Deck.  You may draw a card from the top of your Mythos Deck instead of immediately playing a new location."
Bewildered Apartment House Manager	Movieland	Movie001	Investigator		English										12	20	12	13	3	6	Ignore Red Sanity Pentagrams of Bradford Locations that become your Current Location.
Neglected Elevator Operator	Movieland	Movie002	Investigator												12	20	12	13	3	6	You may Re Roll this Investigator to fulfull any one Bradford Location Requirement on an Adventure Card.
Apt. 7-D of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie501	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Gate, City, Artifact, Tome"			-1			Movieland		New York	New York								"While this is your current location, you may spend one sanity to recover one Covenist from your Story Deck to your hand.  Home to Minnie & Roman Castevet."
Apt. 7-E of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie502	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, CIty"			1			Movieland		New York	New York								Add one to the value of Guy Woodhouse and Rosemary Woodhouse while this is your current location.  Home to Guy & Rosemary Woodhouse.
Apt. 9-B of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie503	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, City"			-1		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								Add two to the value of all your female Allies and all your female Allies must absorb their full value before Dying in combat while this is your current location.
Bushman's Lodge	Movieland	Movie504	Location	"Water, Inside, Cemetary, Australia, City, Tome"					Unique	Movieland		Australia	Sydney								Use this gate to play monsters as Allies.  May reuse gate but pay two sanity each time.  Flip one of your Allies to draw a card from the top of your Mythos Deck.
Central Park	Movieland	Movie505	Location	"Water, Forest, Outside, Gate, Country"			-1			Movieland		New York	New York								You may use this gate to give the Past attribute to this location.  You must spend a turn to end this effect before travelling.
Discount Books	Movieland	Movie506	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, City, Business, Tome"						Movieland		New York	New York								"They carry almost everything, and they can order the rest."
Edward Hutchins' Apt.	Movieland	Movie507	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, City, Tome"			1			Movieland		New York	New York								"During combat, reduce each directed threat attacking your investigator by one point."
Forbidden Staircase	Movieland	Movie508	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Gate, Country, Site, Ruins"			-2			Dreamlands		Exotic	Exotic								You must use a Dreamlands Travel card to get to this location.  You must walk to Movieland when leaving this location.
Glacier Water Reflecting Pool	Movieland	Movie509	Location	"Water, Forest, Outside, Alaska, Country, Artfact"			1			Movieland		Alaska	Fairbanks								Remain here for a turn to draw a card from the top or bottom of your Mythos Deck.
Guy Woodhouse's House	Movieland	Movie510	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, City, House, Tome  "			-1		Unique	Movieland		Maryland	Baltimore								You may play Guy Woodhouse from your hand or from you Story Deck while this is your current location.  You may find Tomes in English at no sanity cost at this location if you have Guy Woodhouse in play.
Kennedy Airport	Movieland	Movie511	Location	"Water, Forest, Outside, Cemetary, City, Business, Artifact"			-1			Movieland		New York	New York								Found your luggage!  Remain here for a turn to recover an Artifact from your Story Deck to your hand.  One Artifact only for each Kennedy Airport card played.
Mediteranean Yacht Club	Movieland	Movie512	Location	"Water, Outside, Country"			1			Dreamlands		Mediterranian	Italy								You may remain here for a turn to bury a Phobia.
Moose Head Lodge	Movieland	Movie513	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Alaska, City, Lodge, Artifact"			1			Movieland		Alaska	Juneau								"Remain here for a turn to bury a phobia.  Gain one sanity each time that you bury a phobia in this way.  While at this location, your investigator's Maximum Sanity is increased by five points."
Office of Dr. Hill	Movieland	Movie514	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, City, Sanitarium"			5		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								"Gain five sanity now, but flip the top card of your mythos deck.  Apply the sanity gain or loss.  You may remain here to bury a phobia."
Office of Dr. Sapirstein	Movieland	Movie515	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Gate, City, Tome"			-1			Movieland		New York	New York								"You may reuse this gate but you must pay one sanity each time reused.  If you have Dr. Sapirstein in play, You may remain to bury a phobia."
Pay Phone	Movieland	Movie516	Location	"Water, Forest, Outside, City"						Movieland		New York	New York								Remain here for a turn to bury a phobia.
Saint Bernadette School For Girls	Movieland	Movie517	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Country, Church, Artifact, Tome"			-1			Dreamlands		The East	Omaha								Add one to all Nuns and Priests you have in play while this is your current location.
Saint Vincents' Hospital	Movieland	Movie518	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Cemetary, City, Sanitarium"			5		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								Group therapy.  Gain five sanity but you must discard one random card from your hand.  Remain here for a turn to bury a phobia.
Tch-Kuloo's Igloo	Movieland	Movie519	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Gate, Alaska, Country, Artifact, Tome"			1			Movieland		Alaska	Nome								"You may use this gate to recover an event card from your Story Deck back to your hand.  While at this location, you may bury Tch-Kuloo Instead of using the gate to get an event back in this way."
Temple of Pain	Movieland	Movie520	Location	"Water, Inside, Cemetary, Japan, City, Site, Artifact, Tome"			-2		Unique	Movieland		Japan	Tokyo								One of your Allies in play must speak Japanese to play this card.  You may reuse this gate at no sanity cost.  Remain here for a turn to redirect a Phobia affecting your investigator to another player.
The Basement of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie521	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Cemetary, Gate, City, Underground"			-1		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								"If you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play, being at this location fulfills the Site requirement for playing The Devil."
The Bedroom of Apt. 7-E of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie522	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Gate, City"			1		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								You may use the gate to walk to The Bedroom of Apt 7-E in the Dreamlands while this is your current location.
The Bedroom of APT. 7-E of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie523	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Gate, Dreamlands, City"			-1			Dreamlands		New York 	New York								You may walk to the Bedroom of Apt. 7-E in Movieland while this is your current location.
The Bradford Front Sidewalk	Movieland	Movie524	Location	"Water, Forest, Outside, City"						Movieland		New York	New York								"It is at this location, that both Adrian Mercato and Theresa Genofrio met their demise."
The Lobby of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie525	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, City"						Movieland		New York	New York								"While this is your current location, opponents cannot play phobias on you.  Remain here to bury a phobia."
The Mental Hospital	Movieland	Movie526	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Gate, City, Sanitarium"			7		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								Isolation.  Gain seven sanity but you must remain here for two turns in Isolation (Playing no cards and not passing).  You may not bury phobia's at this location.
The Roof	Movieland	Movie527	Location	"Water, Forest, Outside, Gate, City, Site, Artifact"			-1			Movieland		New York	New York								You must use a Monster as a Travel By Air or The Elevator Of The Bradford to play this location.  May reuse gate but pay one Sanity each time.
The Sistine Chapel	Movieland	Movie528	Location	"Water, Inside, Gate, Country, Ruins, Church"			1			Dreamlands		Mediterranian	Italy								Add one to all Nuns and Priests you have in play while this is your current location.  Remain here to bury a Phobia.
The Study of Apt 7-D of The Bradford	Movieland	Movie529	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, City, Artifact, Tome"			-1		Unique	Movieland		New York	New York								"If you have Roman Castevet in play, you may flip him to walk to, on a following turn, a new location in a different region.  ""Name a place, and I've been there.  Go ahead, name a place."" - Roman Castevet"
Time-Life Building	Movieland	Movie530	Location	"Water, Forest, Outside, City, Artifact"						Movieland		New York   	New York								One of the easiest places to rendez-vous in New York CIty.  You might even run into a friend by coincidence.
U.S. Naval Installation	Movieland	Movie531	Location	"Water, Forest, Inside, Gate, Alaska, Country, Artifact"			1			Movieland		Alaska	Sitka								"User this gate to play an artifact, or monster from any dimension.  This gate is reusable but pay two sanity every time it is reused.  Artifacts normally found in Exotic Locations may not be played here unless you have an unflipped Dreamer, in play, along-side your investigator"
Yankee Stadium	Movieland	Movie532	Location	"Water, Forest, Outside, Gate, City, Business"			-1			Movieland		New York New York									"When this becomes your current location you may immediately use this gate to play monsters, or during the Day user this gate to play The Pope as an Ally."
Abomination	Movieland	Movie701	Monster	Greater Independent		6	-2			Movieland											"When revealed, Bury All defending Priests and Nuns."
Bad Aura	Movieland	Movie702	Monster	Lesser Servitor		1	0														This monster may be assigned to an ally instead of being placed face down in your threat.  Add Bad Aura's value to that Ally.
Bursting Accumulations Of Blasphemy	Movieland	Movie703	Monster	Lesser Independent		2	-1			Movieland											Oppoent must Discard one random Story Deck card for each Bursting Accumulations of Blasphemy that survives the Comic Battle. Does not affect opponents' current Location. Discard this card after combat. Joins Bursting Accumulations.
Embodiment Of Ill Will	Movieland	Movie704	Monster	Greater Servitor		2	-2		Unique												Add Two to the Value of this Card for each Ally you know that is a Corrupt Cultist.
Fallen Angels	Movieland	Movie705	Monster	Greater Servitor		3	-1														"Add one to the Value of this card if you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play, OR Add two to the value of this card if you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in Play while it is Night. Joins Fallen Angels."
Ghost of Mrs. Gardenia	Movieland	Movie706	Monster	Living Dead	Invisible	3	-1		Unique	Movieland											Discard this card when revealed if there is Mrs. Gardenia in Play. Add one to the Value of this card if you have Tanis Root in play.  Bypasses Cosmic Battle. Joins Living Dead.
Ghost Of Theresa Genofrio	Movieland	Movie707	Monster	Living Dead	Invisible	3			Unique	Movieland											Discard this card when revealed if there is Theresa Genofrio in Play.  Bypasses Cosmic Battle. Joins Living Dead.
Mr. Wang's Want	Movieland	Movie708	Monster	Living Dead		2	0		Unique	Movieland											"Invisible during Night.  If you have Mr. Wang in play, add two to the value of this card.  When revealed, flip all defending female allies."
Rabid Mice	Movieland	Movie709	Monster	Lesser Independent		1															"If Rabid Mice survive to affect Opponents' Investigator or Allies, Randomly choose and Bury one of those Allies, defending or not, unless the Ally is protected from Epidemics."
Rosemary's Baby	Movieland	Movie710	Monster	"Greater Servitor, Corrupt Baby"		0	1		Unique	Movieland											"Use a gate to play this monster as an Ally and assign it to one of your Female Allies. If one or the other leaves play, the other suffers the same fate. While this card is in play, all Covenists' are raised by one point."
Shadow	Movieland	Movie711	Monster	Lesser Independent		2	0														Bury this card when revealed if it is Night or if it is High Noon.  Add one to the value of this card during the Day.  Add two to the value of this card during Direct Sunlight.  Joins Shadows.
The Devil	Movieland	Movie712	Monster	Great Old One	"Site, Unspeakable Darkness, Baby's Blood & Flesh"																Investigators may use a turn to pay any amount of Sanity to draw that amount of cards from the top of their Mythos Deck. No Investigator may gain Sanity.
Unimaginable Apparition	Movieland	Movie713	Monster	Lesser Servitor		0	-1														"When revealed, Bury one random Defending Ally."
Vortex Of Pain	Movieland	Movie714	Monster	Greater Independent		6	-2		Unique												"When revealed, opponent to which this is directed may pay two sanity to redirect the Vortex Of Pain to another opponent.  That opponent may also pay two sanity to redirect the Vortex Of Pain again, and so on."
A Terrible Thing To Do	Movieland	Movie801	Spell	Yellow Sign			-2														"Opponent must Bury a random Tome. If that tome has a red sanity pentagram, the opponent may save the tome by paying the Sanity Cost."
Chant Of Cursed Resolve	Movieland	Movie802	Spell	Folk			-1														"Until the beginning of the next round, cancel the affects of cards played by opponents that affect the top card of your Story Deck."
Chant Of Ill Doing	Movieland	Movie803	Spell	Folk			-1														One random Opponent must Bury one random Ally. If you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play you may gain Sanity equal to that Ally's value.
Conjure Up The Living Devil	Movieland	Movie804	Spell	Death			-1														"Use a Gate to play a Monster as an Ally. If you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play, Use a Gate to play The Devil, regardless of Site requirement. (Must still have Unspeakable Darkness)"
Consume Life & Being	Movieland	Movie805	Spell	Yellow Sign			-1														Discard three cards at random from your Story Deck while Unspeakable Darkness is in play and gain four sanity.
Create Confusion	Movieland	Movie806	Spell	Eye  			-2														"Even if walking, a random opponent places a random Travel or Location card from their Story Deck into play as their curent location.  Ignore sanity gain or loss, may use Gate."
Create Driven Killer	Movieland	Movie807	Spell	Folk			-1														"Choose one of your allies at random.  One opponent of your choice suffers an attack equal to that allie's value, without weapons.  Discard that ally after casting this spell."
Demonic Insemination	Movieland	Movie808	Spell	Dreamlands			-1		Unique												Cast only on a Female Ally. Remove a Monster from your Threat and place it beneath one Ally. Monster functions as an Enchanted Weapon and adds it's Value to that Ally.
Devil On Your Shoulder	Movieland	Movie809	Spell	Skull			-1														"Opponent must use the unused gate before leaving their curent location or suffer a loss of two sanity.  If the gate has been used or if there is no gate, do not cast."
Dietary Experiments	Movieland	Movie810	Spell	Yellow sign			-3														"Choose one of Opponents' Allies lacking the Dreamer Attribute. Opponent must Bury that Ally. If you have the Trench Sisters in play you may also gain 2 Sanity. If you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play, you may draw a card."
Oath Of The Coven	Movieland	Movie811	Spell	Death			-1														Return one Covenist from your Story Deck to play alongside your Investigator. Ally my block even if cast during Combat. Bury Ally at the end of Combat.
Truth Extraction	Movieland	Movie812	Spell	Folk			-1														Draw a Card from the top of your Mythos Deck and Draw a Card from the bottom of your Mythos Deck.
All Of Them Witches	Movieland	Movie901	Tome	Folk	English	1				Movieland											"Published in 1933, J.R. Hewitt reveals various witches throughout history that have been known to perform rituals and worship demi-gods."
Book With No Name	Movieland	Movie902	Tome	Yellow Sign	Chinese	1															"Rumoured to be a very special copy of the original plates which make up the Book Of Dzyan.  It is never revealed fully to the audience, and probably never should be."
Luther	Movieland	Movie903	Tome	"Death, Eye"	English	1	-2		Unique	Movieland											"If you have an Author in play you may bury the current unflipped Spell in this Tome to play a new Spell in this tome, that features the appropriate Spell Icon"
Mrs Gardenia's Diary	Movieland	Movie904	Tome	"Dreamlands, Folk, Yellow Sign"	English	1	-1			Dreamlands											May hold two Additional Spells when you have Baby's Blood & Flesh in play. Spells remain if Baby's Blood & Flesh leaves play.
Nobody Loves An Albatros	Movieland	Movie905	Tome	"Eye, Folk"	English	1	-2		Unique	Movieland											If you have an Author in play you may bury the current unflipped Spell in this Tome to play a new Spell in this tome that features the appropriate Spell Icon.
Scrolls Of Dimension	Movieland	Movie906	Tome	Death	latin	1	-1			Dreamlands											"Flip this card to give the past attribute to your current location. You must spend a turn to flip this tome and end the effect before travelling.  The book given to Rosemary Woodhouse, published in 1933, was somehow dedicated by Hutch in 1924.  It is apparent now that Hutch was a time traveller."
Witchcraft Book Of Ceremonial Magic	Movieland	Movie907	Tome	Folk 	English	1	-1			Movieland											May also hold one Skull Icon Spell when you have Stella Lauden in Play. Spell Remains even if Stella Lauden leaves play.
