Name	Expansion	Image	Type	Attributes	       Languages	Value	Sanity	Summon	Unique	Dimension	Past	Region	City	Beginning Sanity	Max Sanity	Education	Hand Size	Minuimum	Maximum	Rarity	Text
A Tiki Scare Is No Fair	Scooby	Scooby101	Adventure	Scooby Experience		11	4														"While vacationing in HAWAII, the gang was enjoying the local luau and dancing at the PINEAPPLE PARLOUR. Unfortunately, the part awoke the spirit of Mano Tiki Tia, and they were given a GHOSTLY WARNING to leave. The gang headed to the HAUNTED TIKI VILLAGE, to learn more about Mano Tiki Tia. The searched the WITCHDOCTOR'S HAUNTED HUT, and surrounding area. The WITCHDOCTOR showed up to chase them, but they gang found a HIDING SPOT and were able to SET A TRAP for the MONSTER."
Decoy For A Dognapper	Scooby	Scooby102	Adventure	Scooby Experience		8	2													C	"While at the local HANGOUT, the gang (at least 2 MEDDLING ALLIES) learns of several DOG nappings. After following A CLUE, the trial led straight into an ancient CLIFFSIDE VILLAGE in the COUNTRY. In the middle of searching through an old SACRED INDIAN ALTAR, the gang was suddenly surprised by a GHOST SHAMAN. After escaping they were lucky to DISCOVER A SECRET STASH. What the gang found was a plot by two criminals (2 CORRUPT ALLIES) to kidnap show dogs to righ an international dog sho"
Don't Fool With A Phantom	Scooby	Scooby103	Adventure	Scooby Experience		6	3													C	"The gane was at a dance party when all of a sudden, THE WAX PHANTOM appeared. Afterwards it's discovered that the general manager and good FRIEND of the gang has been kidnapped. Following a hunch, VELMA, suggests that they check out OLD MAN GRISBY, a war figure maker who was fired by the station years ago and vowed revenge. When they met him at his HOUSE, the claimed that he created the creature at his WAX WORKS in the basement of the WAX MUSUEM with the help of an ancient SPELL."
Malt Shop Shock Hop	Scooby	Scooby104	Adventure	Scooby Experience		6	2													C	"it's Saturday NIGHT and you're at the local HANGOUT with the rest of the gang (at leas 2 MEDDLING ALLIES). Someone starts telling a spooky story, when the lights go out. ZOINKS!, It's a MONSTER. As it approaches a CHASE SCENE ensures. Luckily you SET A TRAP, and save the DAY. With a job well done, it's time for a triple deck pastrami on rye with peanut butter, bananas and mustard to hit the spot..."
Mystery Mask Mixup	Scooby	Scooby105	Adventure	Scooby Experience		6	2													C	"While hanging out in Chinatown, DAPHNE, stepped into a local BUSINESS and purchased an old ARTIFACT. On the trip home, the gane awas stopped by a couple of MONSTERS (2 Different cards) who demanded an old mask the gang baught. After ditching the two goons, they stopped by a local art dealer who claimed the item was THE MASK OF ZEN TUO, and the GHOST OF ZEN TUO would stop at nothing to get it  back. But after some investigating, the gane discovered that the goons chasing them were art thieves who had the fask mask sent to the curio shop by mistake."
Scooby Doo And A Mummy Too	Scooby	Scooby106	Adventure	Scooby Experience		11	3														"SCOOBY and the gang (at least 2 other MEDDLING ALLIES) were visiting their SCHOLAR friend at the DEPARTMETN OF ARCHEOLOGY. The MUSUEM was displaying a new MUMMY and the rare COIN OF ANKH. While at the local MALT SHOP, the gane heard aboue a break in and sighting of a MONSTER over at the UNIVERSITY and rushed over to investigate. After find a TOME and a SPELL, the gang pieced together that the MUMMY was really DR. NAJIB dressed up, and that he wanted the priceless ARTIFACT to himself"
The 13 Ghosts Of Scooby Doo	Scooby	Scooby107	Adventure	Scooby Experience		7	2														"You and a STEADFAST ACTOR or ACTRESS accidentally set free a bakers dozen of undead nasties. Now you have to hunt them down. (13 Points with of LIVING DEAD MONSTES), in your story deck. Travelling to a SITE, some RUINS, a CEMETARY and even an UNDERGROUND LOCATION (4 DIFFERENT CARDS), you eventually get them all CAPTURED and stored inside of a special ARTIFACT. Whew, maybe next time you won't knock voer that deceased wizard's urn..."
The Grusome Game Of The Gator Ghoul	Scooby	Scooby108	Adventure	Scooby Experience		8	2														"While visiting with MA & PA KETTLE, at the SKILLET SHOWBOATD, the gane (at least 3 MEDDLINGS ALLIES) learned that most of the staff were scared away by THE GATOR GHOUL, a hideous demon infesting the nearby Hokeyfenoke Swamp. The gang stumbled upon some INCRIMINATING EVIDENCE while looking through SAM STINGEY'S CABIN, the janitor at the showboat. Looks like the monster was none other that a disgruntley employee (CORRUPT ALLEY) who had plans on stealing he recipe of rhte Kettle's famous FENOKE FIZZ soda."
Watch Out! The Willowaw!	Scooby	Scooby109	Adventure	Scooby Experience		8	2														"Relaxing at UNCLE DAVE'S CABIN was fun, until the gane (at least 2 MEDDLING ALLIES) were surprised by a large creature flying through the night skies. A local indian RED HERON told of the of THEWILLOWAWm who would snatch you up if an owl ever hooted your name. Returning home, the gang found the cabin RANSACKED, and Velma's uncle missing. Heading out to INDIAN PICTURE ROCK at NIGHT, the gang stumbled upon a cache of stolen goods in PICTURE ROCK CAVE. Seems that some thieves used the legend to scare people away."
What A Night For A Knight	Scooby	Scooby110	Adventure	Scooby Experience		7	2														"While driving along in the MYSTERY MACINE, the gang (at least 3 MEDDLING ALLIES) came upon a truck on the side of the road. It carried a large box with the adress to a local MUSEUM and was made out to a PROFESSOR HYDE-WHITE. The gang learned that the professor was missing as was the contents of the box, THE BLACK KNIGHT. During the NIGHT, the gang slipped in through the BACK DOOR, and searched the museum. Upon finding the MUSEUM SECRET ROOM, they knew that the culprit was PROFESSOR WICKLES."
Which Witch is Which?	Scooby	Scooby111	Adventure	Scooby Experience		6	2														"Taking a back road through an old bayou, the gane almost run over a ZOMBIE that was on the road. When at a local BUSINESS to get directions back to the highway, they learn the monster is under the control of a witch.  After a trip to ZEB PERKINS Place, it is discovered that he and another man are missing. Continuing on to the OLD WITCH's SHACK, VOODOO DOLLS are found! The trail leads down to a DERELICT RIVERBOAT where the truth is revealed! The two spooks are really Zeb and Zeke, who were searching for a lost treasure."
Alexander Cabot III	Scooby	Scooby201	Ally	Steadfast Musician & manager	English	1				New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									Join's with any Musician Allies
Big Ben	Scooby	Scooby202	Ally	Steadfast Gentleman	English	2	1					Scooby Doo Country									
Coast Guard Officer	Scooby	Scooby203	Ally	Steadfast Police Detective	English	2				New Aeon		Any Water									Protection from Police Investigations. You may choose to Bury this card to cause an opponent to Bury a Travel By Sea Event at the moment it is played. May plat Coast Guard Officer immediately when you play any Travel By Sea Event.
Daphne Blake	Scooby	Scooby204	Ally	Meddling Adventurer	English	1			Unique	New Aeon		Any City									Joins Meddling Allies
Davy Jones	Scooby	Scooby205	Ally	Steadfast Musician & Actor	English & French	1				New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									"Whiile at an Inside Water Location, Bury Davy Jones to cause an opponent to Bury a random monster in their threat. Joins with any Musician Allies."
Dick Van Dyke	Scooby	Scooby206	Ally	Steadfast Actor	English	1				New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									"At the moment you arrive at any Country Gate Location, you may immediately play this card."
Don Knotts	Scooby	Scooby207	Ally	Steadfast Actor	English	1			Unique	New Aeon		Any Hangout									Flip this card face-down to draw a new card from the top of your Mythos deck.
Dr. Najob	Scooby	Scooby208	Ally	Corrupt Scholar	Arabic & English	2			Unique	New Aeon		Any Artifact									"Use Dr. Najib to steal a random artifact (cause it to be discarded) from an opponent, then discard Dr. Najob"
Fred Jones	Scooby	Scooby209	Ally	Meddlings Adventurer	English	2			Unique	New Aeon		Any City									"As long as Fred is chosen as a defending Ally, he raises the card value of all other Meddling defending Allies by one point. Not cumulative with another Ally's Command Ability. Joins Meddling Allies"
Harlem Globetrotters	Scooby	Scooby210	Ally	Steadfast Athletes	English	3				New Aeon		Any Hangout									
Johnny Briggs	Scooby	Scooby211	Ally	Steadfast Worker	English	2				New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Local Deputy	Scooby	Scooby212	Ally	Steadfast Police Detective	English	2						Scooby Doo Country									"Protection from Police Investigation and cards that cause you to lose Artifacts and Tomes. At the moment you would lose an Artifact or Tome, you may choose to Bury this card instead. Your opponent must ten Bury his or her card."
Local Sheriff	Scooby	Scooby213	Ally	Steadfast Police Detective	English	2						Scooby Doo Country									"Protection from Police Investigation and cards that cause you to lose Artifacts and Tomes. At the moment you would lose an Artifact or Tome, you may choose to Bury this card instead. Your opponent must ten Bury his or her card."
Ma & Pa Kettle	Scooby	Scooby214	Ally	Steadfast Friends	English	4			Unique	New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Madame Zokar	Scooby	Scooby215	Ally	Corrupt Dreamer & Occultist	English	1			Unique			Scooby Doo Country									Can know any one Spell. When Speel is cast you may choose to Flip the Spell face-down and pay it's sanity cost instead of Burying it.
Mr. Chi	Scooby	Scooby216	Ally	Steadfast Friends	Chineese & English	2	1					Any Site									Play in either Waking World or New Aeon. You may remain with Mr. Chi for one turn at any Site and Bury one Phobia
Mr. Creeps	Scooby	Scooby217	Ally	Corrupt Gentleman	English	2	-1		Unique			Scooby Doo Country									Protection from Frivolous Lawsuit
Mr. Hyde	Scooby	Scooby218	Ally	Corrupt Cultist	English & Latin	2	-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									To play this card you must also Bury Dr. Jekyll: You may not play Dr. Jekyll while you have Mr. Hyde in play. Flip this card face-down to cause an opponent to flip a random Artifact.
Norville 'Shaggy' Rogers	Scooby	Scooby219	Ally	Meddling Adventurer	English	1			Unique			Any City									Add 1 point to the value of this card while you have Scooby-Doo in Play. Joins Meddling Allies.
Old Gypsy Woman	Scooby	Scooby220	Ally	Corrupt Dreamer	English	1	-1		Unique			Any Cemetary									Flip Old Gypsy Woman one per Round to gain a 13 second glance at any opponents Threat.
Old Man Grisby	Scooby	Scooby221	Ally	Corrupt Cultist & Artist	English & German	2	-2		Unique	New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									Bury Old Man Grisby to cause an opponent to Discard one random Meddling Ally.
Phyllis Diller	Scooby	Scooby222	Ally	Steadfast Actress	English	1				New Aeon		Any City									You may Bury Phyllis Diller instead of paying the Sanity cost for playing one Artifact.
Professoer Hyde- White	Scooby	Scooby223	Ally	Steadfast Scholar	English & Latin	2				New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may Bury Professor Hyde-White intead of paying the Sanity cost for playing one Tome.
Professor of Archeology	Scooby	Scooby224	Ally	Steadfast Professor	English & Glyphs	1	1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									"Bury this card if Dr. Najob is brought into play alongside any Investigator. Also, the Professor of Archeology is not turned Corrupt by cards that turn Allies Corrupt."
Professor Wickles	Scooby	Scooby225	Ally	Corrupt Professor	English & Arabic	1	-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									Flip Professor Wickles to cause an opponent to Flip a random Weapon
Red Heron	Scooby	Scooby226	Ally	Steadfast Chief	English	2						Scooby Doo Country									"While this card is in play, add one to the Maximum number of cards that you may keep in your Hand. Cummulative with other Allies that raise your Maximum."
Sandy Duncan	Scooby	Scooby227	Ally	Steadfast Actress	English	1	1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									"While at an Outside Location, you may Discard Sandy to gain 2 additional Sanity Points. Additionally, all Players must reveal the top card of their Mythos Deck. If card revealed is an Artist or Musician Ally, it immediately comes into play around Owners Investigator regardless of any requirements. Otherwise, Discard it."
Scooby Dee	Scooby	Scooby228	Ally	Steadfast Dog & Friend	English	1	1		Unique	New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									Draw one additional card a the beginning of each Round while Scooby Dee is in play. Not cummulative with other cads that allow you to increase Hand Size.
Scooby Doo	Scooby	Scooby229	Ally	Meddling Dog	English	2			Unique	New Aeon		Any City									"Add 1 point to the value of this card while you have Norville 'Shaggy' Rogers in play. Additionally, add 1 point to the value o this card if Scooby Snacks accompanies Scooby-Doo. Can not be given weapons. Joins Meddling Alies."
Scooby Dum	Scooby	Scooby230	Ally	Steadfast Dog & Friend	english	2			Unique	New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									Bury Scooby Dum to add the value of this card including any bonuses to your Investigator's Sanity.
The Butler	Scooby	Scooby231	Ally	Corrupt Gentleman	English	2	-1					Any City									
Uncle Nathaniel Rogers	Scooby	Scooby232	Ally	Steadfast Gentleman	English	1				New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									Add 2 points to the value of this card while Norville 'Shaggy' Rogers or Scooby-Doo is in Play.
Velma Dinkley	Scooby	Scooby233	Ally	Meddling Adventurer	English & Chineese	1			Unique	New Aeon		Any City									Velma may server as any one card required to complete an Adventure. Discard her when this special ability is used. Joins Meddling Allies.
Coin of Ankah	Scooby	Scooby301	Artifact				-1														Flip this card to re-direct a directed therat to a random Investigator.
Diving Suit	Scooby	Scooby302	Artifact							New Aeon											Your Investigator and all Allies are able to Breathe Underwater while this card is in play.
Dynamite	Scooby	Scooby303	Artifact	Weapon		6	-1														Add 6 points to Ally's value. One Weapon per Ally. If Ally is Buried also Bury this card. Discard both Dynamite and Ally after use in Combat.
Fenokee Fizz	Scooby	Scooby304	Artifact	Weapon		3	-1														"Add 3 points to Ally's value. One Weapon per Ally. If Ally is Discarded or Buried, Fenokee Fizz suffers the same fate. "
Funky Fritter Batter	Scooby	Scooby305	Artifact	Weapon		2	-1														"Add 2 points to Ally's value. One Weapon per Ally. If Ally is Discarded or Buried, Funky Fritter Batter suffers the same fate. "
Hypnotist's Coin	Scooby	Scooby306	Artifact				-1														Costs 1 Sanity Point to use. Flip this card to cause Opponent to Flip all Steadfast Allies for the remainder of the Round. Allies with the Dreamer atrribute are not affected.
Kerosene Lamp	Scooby	Scooby307	Artifact																		"While this card is in play, all Monsters in your Threat function as if it is Day. Durning Combat, Bury this card to Bury one Monaster in a Directed Threat facing your Investigator."
Magic Carpet	Scooby	Scooby308	Artifact				-1		Unique												"Costs 1 Sanity Point to use. Flip this card to play a new Location card in the same Dimension, right-side up, regardless of any Travel requirements. Permits Travel between Regions, Islands and Exotic Locations, but not Underwater Locations."
Map	Scooby	Scooby309	Artifact																		Flip this card to immediately play a new Location from the same Region right side-up on top of your Story Deck.
Mask of Zen Tuo	Scooby	Scooby310	Artifact				-1		Unique	New Aeon											Add 1 point (cummulative) to the vale of each Monster in the same threat as Servants of Zen Tuo or Ghost of Zen Tuo.
Medicine	Scooby	Scooby311	Artifact				1		Unique												Discrd this card to avoid the effects of an Epidemic.
Mystery Machine	Scooby	Scooby312	Artifact				1		Unique	New Aeon											Flip this card to immediately play a new Location from the same Region right side-up on top of your Story Deck.
Radar	Scooby	Scooby313	Artifact							New Aeon											Costs 1 Sanity Point to use. Flip this card face-down to flip al cards in one opponent's Threat face-up.
Scooby Snacks	Scooby	Scooby314	Artifact				1			New Aeon											"Place this Artifact on an Ally. Only 1 Scooby Snacks per Ally. Bury this card to give target Ally a temporary bonus of +2. Bury traget Ally only if they take their full card value in Sanity loss, including bonuses. Otherwise, return Ally to Investigator's side. If Ally holding Scooby Snacks is list, this card suffers the same fate."
Staff of Mano Tiki Tia	Scooby	Scooby315	Artifact	Enchanted Weapon		1	-1		Unique												"Add 1 point to Ally's value. If Ally is Discard or Bured,  this weapon suffers the same fate. During the Artifacts Use phase of Combat. Discard this card to Discard an Opponent's Artifact or Tome."
The Talking Skull	Scooby	Scooby316	Artifact				-2		Unique												"Can know any one Spell. Bury Spell in your Story Deck after it is cast. Knows Arabic, Greek and Latin."
Time Machine	Scooby	Scooby317	Artifact				-1														"Costs 1 Sanity point to use. Flip this card and walk to any Location (except Exotic) in another Dimension. If your new Location is in the same subregion as your Current Location, you may instead play it right-sde up."
Voodoo Dolls	Scooby	Scooby318	Artifact				-1														Costs 1 Sanity to use. Choose one of the following. Flip this card to Flip a target Ally. Bury this card to Bury a target Ally. Discard this card to Discard target Ally.
A Clue	Scooby	Scooby401	Event				4		Unique												"When this card is played, subtract 1 from the Sanity Gain of this card for each Adventure card currently in play around your Investigator, then Bury this card."
Back Door	Scooby	Scooby402	Event																		A Townsfolk Roit may not be played while this card is in play. Back Door remains in play for the remainder of the Round. Bury at the end of the Round or if you travel to a new Subregion or Dimension.
Captured	Scooby	Scooby403	Event						Unique												"Use a gate to play this card face-down to your Threat. When revealed, Skip the remainder of this Round's Combat. Go Directly to End of Round and Bury all Threats."
Car	Scooby	Scooby404	Event	Travel by Land						New Aeon											Play this card and immediately play a new Location in the same Region right-side up on top of your Story Deck.
Chase Scene	Scooby	Scooby405	Event																		"Play this card on an existing threat. Bury car at end of round. When card is played, flip a coin. Heads: Threat goes after owner of Chase Scene. Tails: Threat goes after a player of Chase Scene's choosing, including original owner of Threat."
Discover Secret Stash	Scooby	Scooby406	Event				1														"Immediately play an Artifact card regardless of current Location's attributes. Then, Bury this card."
Ghostyl Warning	Scooby	Scooby407	Event																		"Even if already Walking opponet must play a Travel Event or a new Location next Turn, or suffer an attack worth 5 points. Alies may defend. Then Bury this card."
Hiding Spot	Scooby	Scooby408	Event	Threat Event					Unique												"Use a Gate to play this card face-down to your Threat. When revealed, cards in an opposing Directed Threat are immediately Buried. No Cosmic Battle occurs. Then, Bury this card."
Incriminating Evidence	Scooby	Scooby409	Event				-1		Unique												"Opponent must Bury a random Tome when this card is played. Opponent my choose to Discard a random Corrupt Ally instead. Then, Bury this card."
Look Behind Your	Scooby	Scooby410	Event																		A Random Monster in chosen opponent's Threat attacks their own Investigator! Allies may defend. Bury this card & target Monster.
Motor Scooter	Scooby	Scooby411	Event	Travel by Land																	Play this card and immediately play a new Location in the same Region right-side up on top of your Story Deck.
Mr Farmer Opens Fire	Scooby	Scooby412	Event																		"Bury opponent's Ally of up to 2 points (excluding the value of any Weapons). Then, Bury this card."
Mystery Machine	Scooby	Scooby413	Event	Travel by Land																	Play this card and immediately play a new Location in the same Region right-side up on top of your Story Deck.
"Oh No, My Glasses"	Scooby	Scooby414	Event																		"Flip target Ally. If it is Night, Target Investigator must remain in his or her current Location for the next Turn but may play cars other than a new Location card or Travel Event."
Pepping Portrait	Scooby	Scooby415	Event				-1														"Play this card to take a 13 second glance at a number of cards on top of an Opponent's Mythos Deck equal to their investigator's Current Minimum. Then, Bury this card."
Ransacked	Scooby	Scooby416	Event																		Opponent my not use Artifact or Tome attribute of Current Location. Bury this card when opponent plays a Travel Event or arrives at a new Location.
Set a Trap	Scooby	Scooby417	Event				-1		Unique												"Use a Gate  to play this card Face-Down to your Threat. When cards is revealed, targetted opponent reveals top card of their Mythos Deck. If it is a Monster, it attacks them immediately. Allies may defend, then Discard it. Discard any other card drawn."
Someone At the Window	Scooby	Scooby418	Event				-1														"Take a 13 second glance at one opponent's hand, then Bury this card."
Staring Statue	Scooby	Scooby419	Event				-2														Double the stated Saity Loss of a specific Phobia event affecting target Opponent.
Teratophobia	Scooby	Scooby420	Event	Phobia																	Lose 1 Sanity point for each Directed Threat surviving the Comsic Battle to affect your Investigator.
Unexpected Surpriuse	Scooby	Scooby421	Event																		Immediately play this card to bring an Ally Buried in your Story Deck back into play. Re-apply any Sanity indicated.
Unmasking The Villian	Scooby	Scooby422	Event						Unique												Immediatley take a 13 second glance at all cards in one opponent's Threat and Bury one monster in opponent's story Deck.
Zoinks!	Scooby	Scooby423	Event				-1														"Target Investigator loses 1 Sanity point and must play a new Location in the same Region on their next Turn, even if already Walking. If unable to play a new Location, Target Investigators Turn is skipped. Bury this card after Opponent's Turn is over."
Abandoned Airfield	Scooby	Scooby501	Location	"Country, Gate "						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Alter To Mano Tiki Tia	Scooby	Scooby502	Location	"Island, Gate, Site"			-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may not use a Travel By Car or Travel by Train event to reach this location.
Beauregard Mansion	Scooby	Scooby503	Location	"Island, Tome, Artifact"			-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									"This island has no airstrips. You must use a Travel By Sea card to travel to this Location. For each Turn you spend at Beauregard mansion doing nothing else, you may draw a card from your Mytos Deck."
Cliffside Village	Scooby	Scooby504	Location	"Country, Ruins"								Scooby Doo Country									All Chief Allies add 1 point to their Value whilst this is your current Location.
County Museum of Archeology	Scooby	Scooby505	Location	"City, University, Museum, Forest,  House"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									"All Professors, Scholars and Students add 1 point to their card value while this card is your current Location on your Story Deck"
Cutler Lighthouse	Scooby	Scooby506	Location	"Country, Gate, Site, Artifact"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Department of Archeology	Scooby	Scooby507	Location	"City, Tome, Artifact"			1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									All Professors and Scholars add 1 Point to their value when this card is your current Location on your Story Deck.
Derelict Riverboad	Scooby	Scooby508	Location	"County, Gate, Site, Ruins, Artifact"																	
Diller Manor	Scooby	Scooby509	Location	"City, Gate, House, Artifact"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Dixie Queen Showboat	Scooby	Scooby510	Location	"County, Gate, Site "						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Fenokee Fizz Bottling Room	Scooby	Scooby511	Location	"Country, Gate, Artifact"								Scooby Doo Country									
Franken Castle	Scooby	Scooby512	Location	"Country, Gate, Cemetery, Inside, Water, Site, Forest "			-1					Scooby Doo Country									
Gold City	Scooby	Scooby513	Location	"Country, Town, Ruins, Artifact"			-1					Scooby Doo Country									"On a following Turn, you may play Gold City Mine or Old Mine Storehouse right-side up on top of your Story Deck."
Gold City Mine	Scooby	Scooby514	Location	"Country, Gate, Undergroudn"			-1					Scooby Doo Country									
Gypsy Wagon	Scooby	Scooby515	Location	Country								Scooby Doo Country									Spend 2 Sanity Points to take a 13 second glance at any opponent's hand and choose their next legal move.
Haunted Tiki Village	Scooby	Scooby516	Location	"Island, Artifact, Ruins"			-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may not use a Travel By Car or Travel by Train event to reach this location.
Hawaii	Scooby	Scooby517	Location	"Island, Artifact "			1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may not use a  Travel by Train event to reach this location.
Indian Picture Rock	Scooby	Scooby518	Location	"Country, Gate, Site, Artifact"			-1					Scooby Doo Country									You may ise this Gate to Summon The Willawaw and immediately attack with it. Opponent may defene with Allies but not use Spells or Artifacts. You mayuse this Gate to play Dreamlands Monsters.
Kingston Mansion	Scooby	Scooby519	Location	"Country, Gate, House, Tome"								Scooby Doo Country									All Living Dead Allies add 1 point to their card value when this card is your current Location.
Mad Scientist's Rompus Room	Scooby	Scooby520	Location	"Country, Gate, Artifact"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Malt Shop (v1)	Scooby	Scooby521	Location	"City, Hangout, Business, Inside"			1		Unique	New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia.
Malt Shop (v2)	Scooby	Scooby522	Location	"City, Hangout, Business, Inside"			1		Unique	New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia.
Malt Shop (v3)	Scooby	Scooby523	Location	"City, Hangout, Business"			1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									"Upon playing this card, you may immediately play one Ally who speaks a language that your Investigator does not Speak, who would normally be playable in this Region. Remain here for one Turn and Bury a Phobia."
Malt Shop (v4)	Scooby	Scooby524	Location	"City, Hangout, University, Inside"			1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									"You may immediately play one Professor, Student or Poet Ally when this card becomes your Current Location. Remain here for one Turn and Bury one Phobia."
Malt Shop (v5)	Scooby	Scooby525	Location	"City, Hangout, Business, Inside, Country, Water"			1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may immediately Bury Hydrophobia affecting your Investigator when this card becomes your current Location. Remain here for one Turn and Bury any one other Phobia
Moody Manor	Scooby	Scooby526	Location	"Country, Gate, House, Tome"								Scooby Doo Country									All Seaman Allies add 1 point to their values while this is your Current Location.
Museum Secret Room	Scooby	Scooby527	Location	"City, Museum, Artifact, Underground"			-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Old Farmhouse	Scooby	Scooby528	Location	"Country, Gate, House, Artifact"								Scooby Doo Country									
Old Man Grisby's Place	Scooby	Scooby529	Location	"Country, House"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Old Masoleum	Scooby	Scooby530	Location	"Country, Gate"			-1					Scooby Doo Country									"Rather than playing a Monster card from your hand, you may instead use this Gate to summon a Living Dead Monster or Ally from your Story deck to your Threat"
Old Mine Storehouse	Scooby	Scooby531	Location	"Country, Underground"			-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Old Saw Mill	Scooby	Scooby532	Location	"Country, Gate, Site "						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Old Witch's Shack	Scooby	Scooby533	Location	"Country, Gate, House, Artifact, Tome"			-1					Scooby Doo Country									
Picture Rock Cave	Scooby 	Scooby534	Location	"Country, Underground"			-1					Scooby Doo Country									
Public Library	Scooby	Scooby535	Location	"City, Gate, University, Tome"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may use this Gate to play a Tome card regardless of language of Investiagor or Allies whilet he Public Library is your Current Location
Sacred Indian Altar	Scooby	Scooby536	Location	"Country, Site, Forest, Inside"								Scooby Doo Country									"For each additional Turn you remain here, you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator"
Sacred Indian Temple	Scooby	Scooby537	Location	"Country, Forest, Temple, Artifact, Outside"			4					Scooby Doo Country									"Gain 4 Sanity points, but reveal the top card of your Mythos Deck. Apply any Sanity gain or loss indicated by the pentagram on the card, then Discard it. During each additional turn that you remain here, you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator."
Sam Stingeyy's Cabin	Scooby	Scooby538	Location	"Country, House"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Skillet Showboat	Scooby	Scooby539	Location	"Country, Gate, Site, Artifact"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Skull Island	Scooby	Scooby540	Location	"Country, Gate, Island, Artifact"			-1					Scooby Doo Country									"This island has no airstrips. You must use a Travel By Sea event to reach it. You may use this Gate more than once, but must pay the card's Sanity cost for each subsequent use."
Sunken U-Boat	Scooby	Scooby541	Location	"Underwater, Gate, Ruins, Artifact"			-2					Scooby Doo Country									Beginning each Turn you must be bale to Breathe Underwater or lose 5 Sanity Points.
The Pineapple Parlor	Scooby	Scooby542	Location	"Island, Hangout, Business"			1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You may remain here for one Turn and Bury a Phobia. You may not use a Travel By Train event to reach this location.
The Temple In The Hills	Scooby	Scooby543	Location	"Country, Gate, Temple, Tome"								Scooby Doo Country									
Uncle Dave's Cabin	Scooby	Scooby544	Location	"Country, Hangout, Tome"			5		Unique	New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									Randomly Discard one card from your hand. During each additional Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator
Uncle Nathaniel's Place	Scooby	Scooby545	Location	"Country, Hangout, House"			5		Unique			Scooby Doo Country									"Reveal the top card of your Mythos deck. If card revealed is a Monster, it attacks you immediately, (Allies my defend), then Discard it. Discard any other card drawn. For each additional Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator"
Wax Museum	Scooby	Scooby546	Location	"City, Museum, Artifact "						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									Your Artist Allies add 1 point to their card value when this is your Current Location
Wax Works	Scooby	Scooby547	Location	"City, Gate, Museum, Underground"			-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									When this card becomes your Current Location you mayu immediately use its gate to play Monster(s).
Witchdoctor's Haunted Hut	Scooby	Scooby548	Location	"Island, Gate, Tome"			-1			New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									You ma not use a Travel By Car or Travel By Train event to reach this location.
Wolfs End Lodge	Scooby	Scooby549	Location	"Country, Gate, Tome"						New Aeon		Scooby Doo Country									
Zeb Perkin's Place	Scooby	Scooby550	Location	"Country, House"								Scooby Doo Country									
"10,000 Volt Ghost"	Scooby	Scooby701	Monster	Lesser Independent		1				New Aeon											Generates dangerours electric charges. Randomly Bury one defending Ally when Threat is revealed.
Charlie The Robot	Scooby	Scooby702	Monster	"Greater Servitor, Corrupt Worker"	Binary	4		Invisible at Night	Unique	New Aeon											"Use a City/Artifact Gate to play as an Ally. When Charlie The Robot is revealed in Combat, you may Bypass Combat with opponent's Threat. "
Dr. Coffin	Scooby	Scooby703	Monster	"Living Dead, Corrupt Cultist"	English & Latin	1															
Ebenezer Crabb	Scooby	Scooby704	Monster	"Living Dead, Corrupt Cultist"	English & Latin	1															
Evil Henchmen	Scooby	Scooby705	Monster	"Lesser Independent, Corrupt Worker"	English & Latin	1															Bury this card if opposing Police Detective Allies in Combat. Joins Evil Henchmen.
Gator Ghoul	Scooby	Scooby706	Monster	Lesser Independent		2															Add 1 point to the vaue of this card if the Current Location of you or your oppoent features the Water Attribute.
Ghastly Goons	Scooby	Scooby707	Monster	Lesser Servitor		1															Joins other Ghastly  Goons
Ghost of Captain Cutler	Scooby	Scooby708	Monster	"Living Dead, Corrupt Cultist"		1															Add 1 point to the vaue of this card if your opponent is in a Water Location
Ghost of Elias Kingston	Scooby	Scooby709	Monster	Living Dead 		1															When Directed Threat is revealed randomly choose one of your opponent's Allies (Defending ro not) and Flip cards face-Down.
Ghost of Injun Joe	Scooby	Scooby710	Monster	Living Dead		1															Add 1 point to this card's value if your opponent is in an Underground Location. Bury this card if it is currently Day.
Ghost of Zen Tuo	Scooby	Scooby711	Monster	Lesser Independent		2	-1														Each Ghost of Zen Tuo surviving to affect your oppoent's Allies or Investigator also steals one chosen Artifact. Your opponent must Bury the Card in his or her Story Deck. Joins Servants of Zen Tuo.
Ghost Shaman	Scooby	Scooby712	Monster	Living Dead		2															Add 1 point to the value of this card if your Investigator is in any Ruins Location or if any Night card is in play.
Headless Specter	Scooby	Scooby713	Monster	Living Dead		2															Add 1 point to the value of this card at Night. Joins other Living Dead.
Kelp Monster	Scooby	Scooby714	Monster	Lesser Independent		1															Add 1 point to the value of this card when attacking an Investigator who is at a Water Location. Add 2 points if target Inverstigator is currently using a Travel By Sea Event as their curreny Location.
Monster From The Future	Scooby	Scooby715	Monster	Lesser Independent		2				New Aeon											Increase the Value of this Monster by 2 points if Summoned. Joins any Monster From The Future.
Mummy (v2)	Scooby	Scooby716	Monster	Living Dead		1															Add 1 point to the value of this card if either you or your Opponent is in a Cemetary or Museum Location.
Servants Of Zen Tuo	Scooby	Scooby717	Monster	Lesser Servitor		1															Joins both Ghost of Zen Tuo and Servants of Zen Tuo.
Spooky Space Kook	Scooby	Scooby718	Monster	Lesser Independent		1				New Aeon											Add 1 point to the value of this card if your opponent is in a Country/Gate Location. Joins other Spooky Space Kooks.
The Black Knight	Scooby	Scooby719	Monster	Lesser Independent		1															Add 1 point to the value of this card at Night.
The Creeper	Scooby	Scooby720	Monster	Living dead		1															Add 1 point to the value of this card while your Current Location is a Cemetary.
The Wax Phantom	Scooby	Scooby721	Monster	Lesser Independent		2															
The Willawaw	Scooby	Scooby722	Monster	Lesser Independent		1															Add 2 points to the value of this card if your opponent is at an Outside Location.
The Witchdoctor	Scooby	Scooby723	Monster	Lesser Independent		1	-1														"For each Witchdoctor suvriving the Cosmic Battle, Bury a random Artifact of Target Investigator."
Zombie	Scooby	Scooby724	Monster	Living Dead		1															"If any Alies are lost in Combat involving a Zombie, begin next Round with one Zombie card face-down in your Threat. (forms a new threat). Joins Living Dead."
Command of Elias Kingston	Scooby	Scooby801	Spell	Eye			-1														Target Investigator must Flip random Ally. Spend 1 additional Sanity Point to cause Target Investigator to instead Bury Random Ally lacking the Corrupt Attribute.
Levitate	Scooby	Scooby802	Spell	Folk			-1														Travvel to any Location as if Walking. May not travel between Regions or Exotic Locations
Morbid Repose	Scooby	Scooby803	Spell	Death			-1														Randomly choose and Flip face-down half (round up) of Target Opponent's Allies as if suffering the effects of an Epidemic.
Crystalomancy	Scooby	Scooby901	Tome	"Eye, Death"	English	2	-1														"While this card is in play, all invisible Living Dead Monsters in a Directed Threat are visible."
Four Cryptical Books of Zen Tuo	Scooby	Scooby902	Tome	Folk	Chineese	1				New Aeon											
Necrononmicon Doo edition	Scooby	Scooby903	Tome	"Eye, Death,  Cthulhu, Yellow Sign"	Latin	2	-3			New Aeon											Spend 1 Sanity point to turn one Steadfast Ally to a Corrupt Ally. Spend 2 Sanity points to play an Ally card face-down as a Monster becoming part of your Threat.
Sea Myths & monsters	Scooby	Scooby904	Tome	"Eye, Cthulhu"	Latin	2	-2														"When this Tome is in play, increase the total value of your Threat by 1 point if your opponent is at a Location wth the Water attribute."
The Dynasty of Ankah	Scooby	Scooby905	Tome	Eye	Arabic	1	-1														May Immediately play Coin of Ankah with no Sanity Cost
The Old Bell	Scooby	Scooby906	Tome	"Water, Cthulhu"	English	2	-1														
Witchcraft Made Easy	Scooby	Scooby907	Tome	Death	English	2	-1			New Aeon											
