Name	Set	Image	Type	Attributes	Languages	Value	Sanity	Summon	Unique	Dimension	Past	Region	City	Beginning Sanity	Max Sanity	Education	Hand Size	Minuimum	Maximum	Rarity	Text
Alone in the World	Std Cultist	StdC101	Adventure	Mythos Experience		7	2													F	"Some people are paranoid to PHOBIA levels. They carry a WEAPON and are always afraid of an AMBUSH. Skulking about in CEMETERY LOCATIONS (two different cards) they often become CORRUPT CULTISTs and summon blasphemous horrors, such as the SERVITOR OF THE OUTER GODS, in THE FORGOTTEN CRYPT."
Questionable Judgement	Std Cultist	StdC102	Adventure	Mythos Experience		5	1													F	"It all begain in a boring LIBRARY. All those books waiting to be sorted. There must be a better wayà but wait à that must TOME. Wow, is it old! It reveals TWO GATE LOCATIONS (in different cities) where one can summon a MONSTER. The tome also contains a blasphemous SPELL, completing the training of a new CORRUPT CULTIST"
The Price	Std Cultist	StdC103	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		8	3													F	"By summoning a SERVITOR MONSTER, a CORRUPT CULTIST captures a STEADFAST ALLY from a KINSGPORT LOCATION. Taking him to dark N'KAI, the Cultist uses an ENCHANTED KNIFE for his unspeakable ceremony. From the smoke of burning incense, ancient TULZSCHA is brought forth."
Whispers in Darkness	Std Cultist	StdC104	Adventure	Corrupt Adventure		8	3													F	"The letter came from HENRY W. AKELEY. His tales were corroborated by the strange TOME and SPEECH MACHINE in his package. Traveling by CAR to the LONELY AKELEY FARMHOUSE revealed strange buzzing sounds from the building. Inside, Henry was conversing with N'GAH-KTHUN, planning a GOVERNMENTAL COVER-UP."
Dr. Allen	Std Cultist	StdC202	Ally	Corrupt Cultist	"English, Glyph"	2	-1		Unique			Lovecraft	Providence							F	Can know any one Spell. Bury Spell in your Story Deck after it is cast. Joins Gomes
Gomes	Std Cultist	StdC203	Ally	Corrupt Cultist	Knows No languages	2						Lovecraft	Providence							F	"While this card is in play, subtract one from the Minimum number of cards that you keep in your hand. Not cumulative with other Allies that lower your Minimum. Joins Dr. Allen"
Henry W. Akeley	Std Cultist	StdC204	Ally	Corrupt Cultist & Scholar	"English, Greek & Glyph"	1						Lovecraft	Vermont							F	Add 1 point to the value of this card whenever you have a Country Location as the top card of your Story Deck.
Miss Anna Tilton	Std Cultist	StdC201	Ally	Steadfast Friend	English	1	1					Lovecraft	Vermont							F	"While this card is in play, on a later turn you may assign to Mis Anna tilton, curator of the Historical Society, one Artifact card at any Location. This Artifact remains with Anna and suffers any fate that Anna suffers. The Artifact may be replaced with another, if lost."
Ray Stuckey	Std Cultist	StdC205	Ally	Corrupt Police Detective	English	3						Lovecraft	Arkham							F	"Protection from Police Investigation and from cards that cause you to lose Artifacts and Tomes. At the moment when you would lose an Artifact or Tome, you may choose to Bury this card instead. Your opponent must then Bury his or her card."
Squire Sawyer Whateley	Std Cultist	StdC206	Ally	Steadfast Gentleman	English	2						Lovecraft	Any Country							F	"While this card is in play, add one to the Maximum number of cards that you may keep in your Hand. Cumulative with other Allies that raise your Maximum."
.32 Revolver 	Std Cultist	StdC301	Artifact	Weapon		2	1													F	"Add 2 points to Ally's value. One Weapon per Ally. If Ally is Discarded or Buried, this revolver suffers the same fate. "
Enchanted Knife 	Std Cultist	StdC302	Artifact	Enchanted Weapon		1														F	"Add 1 point to Ally's value. One Weapon per Ally. If Ally is Discarded or Buried, this revolver suffers the same fate. "
Speech Machine 	Std Cultist	StdC303	Artifact				-1													F	"This Artifact has constant effect. While this cadr is in play, increase the value of all your Mi-Go and Mi-Go Leaders by 1 point each. "
The Two Scepters	Std Cultist	StdC304	Artifact	Enchanted Weapon																F	"As long as the wielder is chosen as a Defending Ally, he raises the card value of all other Corrupt Defending Allies by 1 point per card. Not cumulative with another Ally's Command Ability. "
Ambush 	Std Cultist	StdC401	Event																	F	"During the next Combat, if your Current Location is in the same sub-region as opponent's Current Location, and both Locations have the City attribute, your Allies may attack your opponent as if they were in the same Location. "
Car (v2)	Std Cultist	StdC402	Event	Travel by Land																C	Immediately play a new Location in the same Region right-side up on top of your Story Deck. 
Car (v3)	Std Cultist	StdC403	Event	Travel by Land																C	Immediately play a new Location in the same Region right-side up on top of your Story Deck. 
Dawn of the Solstice 	Std Cultist	StdC404	Event	Day			1													F	This is a Solstice card. It is now Day. Bury any Day or Night Event in play. 
Dysentery 	Std Cultist	StdC405	Event	Epidemic																F	Your opponent must Flip all Allies face-down. Any other Investigators who are in the same sub-region as the target are similarly affected. 
Efficiophobia 	Std Cultist	StdC406	Event	Phobia																F	Fear of Success. Lose 2 Sanit points each time an Adventure card is played while this card is in play. 
Governmental Cover-Up 	Std Cultist	StdC407	Event																	F	"It never happened! When played on your opponent, you may force him or her to Discard the Event closest to the bottom of his or her Story Deck. "
Midnight 	Std Cultist	StdC408	Event	Night																F	"Text: It is now Night. Bury any Day or Night Event in play. At the moment that this card is played, all Steadfast Allies with Weapons are Flipped face-down. "
Portophobia	Std Cultist	StdC409	Event	Phobia																	"At the beginning of your Turn,  lose 1 Sanity point if your Current Location features the Gate attribute"
Succumb to Temptation 	Std Cultist	StdC410	Event				-1													F	"A random Steadfast Ally of the chosen opponent goes mad. That Ally immediately attacks his or her Investigator (unaffected Allies of that opponent may Defend). Then, Bury this card and return the affected Ally to that Investigator's side. "
Bored Clerk	Std Cultist	StdC001	Investigator		English									13	20	14	13	5	7		"During the Discard phase, you must keep at least this minimum number of cards in your hand. You may keep up to this Maximum. If you have fewer than your Minimum, you may not Discard any; if you have more than your Maximum, you must Discard some"
Rebellious Youth	Std Cultist	StdC002	Investigator		English									15	20	9	13	3	5		"During the Discard phase, you must keep at least this minimum number of cards in your hand. You may keep up to this Maximum. If you have fewer than your Minimum, you may not Discard any; if you have more than your Maximum, you must Discard some"
Arkham Mystical Suply 	Std Cultist	StdC501	Location	"Water, Inside, Artifact, Gate, Business, City, "								Lovecraft	Arkham							F	
Boston & Maine Train Station 	Std Cultist	StdC502	Location	"Forest, Water, Outside , Tome, Gate, City, Station, "								Lovecraft	Arkham							F	"You may play this card immediately after playing a Train Travel by Land Event, on the same turn. "
Caverns Beneath the Old Church 	Std Cultist	StdC503	Location	"Cemetery, Water, Inside, Tome, Gate, City, Underground, "			-1					Lovecraft	Kingsport							F	
Congregational Hospital 	Std Cultist	StdC504	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Inside, City, Sanitorium, "			5		Unique			Lovecraft	Kingsport							F	"Your electro-Shock Therapy is a success. Set aside this card and shuffle Story Deck. Randomly Discard one Story Deck card, then replace this card. During each additional Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator. "
King's Church Cemetary 	Std Cultist	StdC505	Location	"Cemetery, Forest, Water, Inside, Church, City, "								Lovecraft	Providence							F	During each additional Turn that you remain here you may Bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator 
Lonely Akeley Farmhouse 	Std Cultist	StdC506	Location	"Forest, Inside, Artifact, Gate, Country, House, "			-1					Lovecraft	Vermont							F	"You may use this Gate more than once whenever you have the Speech Machine in play, but must pay this card's Sanity cost for each subsequent Gate use "
Namquit Point 	Std Cultist	StdC507	Location	"Forest, Water, Outside, Artifact, Gate, Country, Site, "			-1					Lovecraft	Providence							F	"A secret place to unload ships. While this is your Current Location, as your Turn you may spend 2 Sanity points to recover one Artifact chosen from your Story Deck and place it on the table beside your Investigator. Pay any Sanity costs for playing that Artifact "
Newburyport Historical Society 	Std Cultist	StdC508	Location	"Forest, Water, Inside, Artifact, Country, Museum, Town, "			1					Lovecraft	Vermont							F	"While this is your Current Location, all Steadfast Allies add 1 point to their card value. "
Newburyport Public Library 	Std Cultist	StdC509	Location	"Forest, Inside, Tome, Country, Library, Town, "			1					Lovecraft	Vermont							F	"While this is your Current Location, all Steadfast Allies add 1 point to their card value. "
N'Kai 	Std Cultist	StdC510	Location	"Outside, Artifact, Tome, Gate, Country, Underground, "			-2		Unique			Exotic								F	"You may play this card only if your Current Location is Underground. You must walk out of N'kai. While at N'Kai, all Monsters in your Threat function as if it is Night. "
Providence Historical Society 	Std Cultist	StdC511	Location	"Artifact, City, Museum, Society, "								Lovecraft	Providence							F	
Seventh House on the Left 	Std Cultist	StdC512	Location	"Water, Inside, Tome, Gate, City, House, "			-1					Lovecraft	Kingsport							F	
The Athenaeum	Std Cultist	StdC513	Location	"Inside, Tome, City, Library, "								Lovecraft	Providence							F	
The Forgotten Crypt	Std Cultist	StdC514	Location	"Cemetery, Water, Inside, Artifact, Gate, City, Tomb, Underground, "			-1					Lovecraft	Kingsport							F	
Waterbury State Hospital 	Std Cultist	StdC515	Location	"Forest, Water, Outside, Gate, Country, Sanitorium, "			4		Unique			Lovecraft	Vermont							F	"Gain 4 Sanity points, but reveal the top card of your Mythos Deck. Apply any Sanity gain or loss indicated in the pentagram on the card, then Discard it. During each additional Turn that you remain here you may bury one Phobia affecting your Investigator. "
Dark Young	Std Cultist	StdC701	Monster	Greater Servitor		4	-1													C	These creatures are invisible if your oppoent is in a Forested location. Joins Dark Young
Mi-Go (v3)	Std Cultist	StdC702	Monster	Lesser Independent	Glyphs	2														F	Each Mi-Go surviving to affect your opponent's Allies or Investigator also steals one chosen Artifact. Your opponent must Bury the card in his or her Story Deck. Joins Mi-Go
Mi-Go (v4)	Std Cultist	StdC703	Monster	Lesser Independent	Knows No languages	2														F	Each Mi-Go surviving to affect your opponent's Allies or Investigator also steals one chosen Artifact. Your opponent must Bury the card in his or her Story Deck. Joins Mi-Go
N'Gah-Kthun	Std Cultist	StdC704	Monster	Lesser Independent		2			Unique											F	"You may play this card as an Ally at any Country/Gate Location (uses Gate). While this card is in play as an Ally, you may play other Mi-Go as Allies at Country/Gate Locations (uses Gate). This Special Effects box is valid even when N'gah-Kthun is in play as an Ally. Joins Mi-Go"
Servant of Glaaki	Std Cultist	StdC705	Monster	Lesser Servitor		2														F	Add 1 point to the value of this card if either Revelations of Glaaki or a Night card is in play. Joins Servants of Glaaki
Servitor of the Outer Gods	Std Cultist	StdC706	Monster	Greater Servitor		6	-2		Unique											F	Add 2 points to the value of this card if a Great Old One or an Outer God is in pla when this card is revealed. While a Servitor of the Outer Gods is in a Threat all other Monsters in the same Threat are classified as Lesser Servitors
Tulzscha	Std Cultist	StdC707	Monster	Outer God		OG														F	"It is Day. Bury any Night or Day cards in play; new ones may not be played while Tulzscha is in play. While this card is in play, three Passes are required to end card play in a Round. No Investigator may gain Sanity."
Yithian	Std Cultist	StdC708	Monster	Greater Independent		3	-1		Unique											F	"Can switch bodies with opponent's Ally. When revealed, you may Bury this card and replace it in your Threat with opponent's random Defending Ally for the remainder of Combat. Bury Ally in original player's Story Deck at the end of Combat."
Command of the Bloody Tongue	Std Cultist	StdC801	Spell	Water			-1													F	"May only be cast during Combat. Rotate Defending Ally to indicate it is the target. If the target Defending Ally would be Buried, he or she is Discarded instead"
Dust of Suleiman	Std Cultist	StdC802	Spell	Folk			-1													F	Summon or Control a Lesser Independent Monster.
Petrify	Std Cultist	StdC803	Spell	Folk			-1													F	Target becomes an Artifact: place Ally and any attached cards face-down on the Artifacts side of opponent's Investigator. Affected Ally may not be Flipped face-up while he or she is an Artifact. At the end of the round return Ally face-up to his or her proper position.
Hutchison Cipher	Std Cultist	StdC901	Tome	"Folk, Water"	Glyphs	2	-1													F	
Revelations of Glaaki	Std Cultist	StdC902	Tome	Folk	English	1														F	
